buzzword

Booming bass. Stuffy air. Sweaty people.

This is the place where I spend every week at the same time of the same day; the club around the corner of my apartment. Why do I do that?
I don't know that exactly, but I know that I feel well here. Here I can switch off, escape my everyday life, which otherwise consists only of acts, coffee and the bullying of my boss. My life currently hasn't much to offer that I enjoy and that's why I don't let me spoil these few hours on Saturday night.

Today I'm here again, already having the first drink in my hand and I'm already watching the many people around me. If you are a regular guest, as I am, then you can already see from the drunken state of the people, what time it is, without having to look at the clock. Now they're all still sober, exuberant in dancing and especially laughing, which also makes me smile. I understand this euphoria, because I feel it too; every time.

But I'm one of the shy sort, I have to dare to take the courage before I even dare to go to the dance floor to the sweating people. No matter how much I love dancing, to do it in front of other people, I feel a bit embarrassed.

As always a few hours, in which I empty one glass after the other and the music gets louder and louder, as well as the mood within the club, become more and more cheerful. I come alone every time because my roommate isn't a fan of these clubs; otherwise, he's always busy with his boyfriend anyway. Secretly a little envy comes to mind when I catch the two at home, but probably I'm just too trying. Taehyung always says I'm a narcissist and I always want to be in focus and as soon as I'm not for my partner, I lose the desire. He's probably right, because in the past it has often happened that I ended those relationships for that reason.

That's why I've given up looking for a person for whom I can be anything. I would probably even care if it is man or woman, where I feel much more attracted to men. Once upon a time, I asked Taehyung if we might not want to try not to be completely alone, but no matter how much he loves me as a brother, he wouldn't tolerate a real relationship with me. But if I think about it right, Taehyung doesn't fit in with my picture of a perfect partner anyway, so maybe I'll never find it anyway. My best friend accepts this preference from me; but other people do not.

I have also given up trying to find true love, even though my parents are the best example of its existence. But nowadays people are just too superficial, they don't see behind the facade of a human being, and only if you visually conform to the norm can you achieve something. I don't look bad, that may be, but as long as you don't do anything, you can't build a sensible future. And right now I'm just stuck in this office without knowing what I want to do in the future. Whether I want to start a family or I want to be alone and whether I still study or prefer to continue to earn money.

But now I don't want to think about it, that's why I'm here. In this club and thanks to the music, I can forget everything that weighs on me otherwise. The fact that I still have to pay some bills, I repress here and the fact that I don't know how to get the money for it, I push into the background. Although I have a job, however, he is so poorly paid that I can't even get an apartment alone and it therefore shares with my best friend.

Shaking my head I throw away these thoughts and empty my meanwhile fourth drink. Now I'm really strong at the grin and already feel the soothing tingling in my body, because I go straight to the dance floor. I hand over the glass at the bar and turn to the messy ball in the center of the club, into which I push myself. Of course it's kind of disgusting to smell those scents and start sweating oneself because you're in between people, but all of that means freedom for me.

I start to move fluently to the music, hide everything else around me and close my eyes. The sounds from the speakers guide me and whisper to me how to move, and that's exactly the moment when I just let myself fall. In retrospect I never know how long I've actually danced, but it's always been at least two hours for my dry throat to speak up. Even today I forget the time, but it is not my own body that reminds me of drinking, but the body of another.

I feel him already in my back, before his hands lay on my hips and pull me with emphasis. It's not the first time I'm just being danced by somebody and it doesn't bother me either, but still it makes the heart excitedly beat a few bars faster each time. Behind me stands a man, I can feel it thanks to his muscular chest and even as I look down at myself and look at his hands, I notice that the person behind me is definitely male. I move on to the beat of the music, automatically pushing my butt to his crotch and feeling the growing bump in it, which makes me grin. You don't often meet a gay man just like that and maybe this is my lucky time today. If he concerns me like that, he's definitely horny of me and the last time I had sex was a while ago. I hope he looks good at least.

»I think you should have a drink«, I hear murmured from behind my ear and beside the stench around me, the fragrance of a aromatic perfume rises to my nose. How can anyone who stays here smell so good? Even with me that will probably no longer be the case.
However according to his words, I move on, put my head back with my eyes closed, and lick my lips, which are slightly brittle from the dry air. »Maybe you can get me something?«

An amused snort penetrates my ear, which only makes me grin wider before I open my eyes and turn to him. Immediately I pause in my movement when I see the still relatively young man in front of me and swallow once dry. I've never met such a good-looking one here, and I also know from his suit that he didn't belong here. This guy has a lot of ends, definitely, but then what does he want from me?

»Could I«, he answers my question and once again drives his way through the pitch-black hair. He has split it into a vertex so that his forehead is exposed a bit, making him incredibly hot. His eyes sparkle a little with anticipation and his rosy lips are drawn to a still amused smile, which I just heard from his words. »But we could leave this place right away and I'll give you something better.«

Mockingly I lift an eyebrow and finally fold my arms over my chest. What does he think, he's doing here? Just because I like to dance here and thus openly turn my passion for it doesn't mean I'll fuck with any guy with money. »I think I'll refuse at this point«, I say, turning on my heel to leave the dance floor earlier than usual. In fact he doesn't hold me back, so I finally leave the club and take a deep breath in the fresh air.

»I'm sorry if that came across wrong«, I hear his voice again and look to the side, where he turned up. Somehow it was clear he was following me.
»How was it supposed to come over, huh?«, I reply with a lop-back, driving through my hair like he did once. He observes this briefly, swallows noticeably and looks me in the eyes again, before he holds out his hand to me. »I promise you I will not hurt you. But for a few weeks now I've been watching you dance and I had to address you today.«

My eyes widen as he says this, I ignore his outstretched hand and take a step towards him. »You've watched me?«
He nods in agreement and then drops his hand briefly. I didn't miss the expensive watch on the wrist, but surely it's worth as much as I earn in the year. »I have. I find you fascinating and .. I admit I wouldn't decline you tonight.«

Decline? I raise both eyebrows and put my head to the side. This guy has just said openly that he wants me, but why doesn't it scares me? Is it because he is visually my type and obviously also has bucks? Or is it because of the level of alcohol in my blood that makes me commit this mistake?
»Then ... show me what you wanted to show me«, I finally recklessly give and conjure a pleased smile on his beautiful lips. When he shines, he almost looks like a rabbit. Kind of cute.. But he sure is younger than me anyway.

»Then come. You will not be disappointed«, he promises, taking my hand on his own. He begins to pull me behind him, so that my eyes are directed to the back of his head and back, but his hand feels pleasantly warm in mine.

What did I get involved in?

──────⊹⊱᪥⊰⊹──────

»What's your name?«

It's weird to hear his own voice in that silence right now. Until now I was exposed to loud bass and now everything sounds just kind of dull. Accordingly my voice has a different sound for myself as well, but this impression is only apparent to me. This guy, who literally tore me up on the dance floor, doesn't seem to mind, so everything is just as usual. Or the alcohol soaked my mind so much that I can no longer think clearly.

»Jeongguk«, is his answer as he pulls a card out of the inside pocket of his jacket and puts it in the device of the door. This gives a click and a small, green light starts to gleam before entering the hotel room. If I had been sober, I would probably have realized straight away that he would be heading to a hotel, but right now I don't really care. The only thing that bothers me right now is my own demeanor. I never felt so out of place, but this is obviously a hotel of the really noble sort.

»Jeongguk?« I repeat and finally follow him slowly. The door automatically locks behind me and I can now watch as the young man named Jeongguk takes off his jacket and hangs over the back of a chair. When he turns to me and just loosens his tie, and opens the first buttons of his shirt, decorated again an amused smile his lips and he nods.
»I'm Jimin«, I clarify, then stop uncertainly in the middle of the room. In such a situation, I've never been, because actually drove smooching into the apartment and comes straight to the point. Jeongguk is obviously sober, unlike me, so I don't know exactly how to behave now.

»I know. You work for one of my people«, he says, but it takes a while for his words to arrive right in my mind. As that is the case, my mouth opens wide open and my heart stops for a moment. He is the boss of my boss?
»You're surprised, aren't you?«, he says, pulling the tie over his head to put it over his jacket. »But I chose you, Jimin. That's why you're here today and that's why I watched you.«

»C-Chose for what?«, I stammer, watching as he opens his shirt piece by piece and discards it too. My cheeks are warming as I look at his well-toned body, which comes out through it and therefore embarrassed turn my eyes off. Jeongguk doesn't answer right away, but eventually he puts his fingers to my chin and gently turns it in his direction.

»To be my baby.«

My heart jumps when he pronounces that word, because that's one of my preferences. I remember Taehyung laughing when I told him I had a Daddy Kink and didn't take me seriously at first. But at some point he realized how serious I really meant it and at the latest when the first daddy was at the door, he was really aware of it.
However, for a long time, I haven't met anyone who matches my expectations as a daddy, although Jeongguk is very close to that. If he is also obviously rich, then..

»A-Are you a .. sugardaddy?«, I ask softly, sighing once as his thumb strokes my cheekbone. His eyes are focused on the movement of his thumb and when he finally stops, he looks me in the eyes again. »If you want to put it that way, yes. Even if you probably don't think so, I'm already 31 years old.«
My eyes are getting wide again, because I really didn't expect that. This means that he is exactly 10 years older than me and therefore still just corresponds to my beliefs. Anything less than 10 years old I haven't even lingered on because these people are just not mature enough for their age. Jeongguk doesn't work that way, and there's no question he knows exactly what he wants.

»W-Why .. Me?«, I want to know when he drops his hand and starts to open my own shirt. His eyes are now fixed on the buttons, which he separates piece by piece from the fabric of the shirt and then almost casually stroked over my skin, so he makes this place blaze with passion.
»Why you«, he repeats, probably thinking about his answer for a while. Only when he lets my shirt slide over my shoulders to the ground, he sees me again in the face and licks his lips. »Because you're perfect. Your appearance, your grace, when you move and your voice. I'm sure you would be the perfect baby for me.«

I don't even wonder why he takes me off, just let it pass me by. He also opens my pants as if he had already done that a hundred times and lets them slide to the ground as well, followed by my boxer shorts. My cheeks are now very red, especially because now he walks around in circles around me and every now and then his fingers slide over my skin. Sometimes he brushes my back, then my arm or casually my ass. But somehow the tension between us is so crackling that I already have to gasp softly and feel how the blood is slowly but surely gathering in my southern region.

After a felt eternity Jeongguk stops in front of me again and fiddles with his own pants. I force myself not to look down, though I'm interested in how He is well-hung, but just now his happy expression seems much more interesting. »So, Jimin. Do you agree to be my baby? Remember, I offer you a life that you could only dream of. In return you do what I want and where I want it. Understand that?«

This dominant undertone of his voice makes me shudder and the look of his eyes mesmerizes me. I guess I'm making the biggest mistake of my life, but I finally nod obediently and feel his finger between my buttcheeks shortly thereafter.

»Then let's start with it, and I'll take what's mine now.«

──────⊹⊱᪥⊰⊹──────

»Jimin! I told you from the beginning, that's not a good idea with the guy!«

Taehyung stands in front of my bed with his hands on his hips and his face twisted into a furious expression. His appearance is blurry and the next moment I bury my face in my hands again and sob. »I-It's not my fault..«

»Oh, Sure, it is! but! You knew what this guy wanted from the beginning and now you're so stupid and you fall in love with a sugar daddy?«
My best friend escapes at the end of a snort, which is followed by a renewed sobbing on my part and thus then but his mind a little soothed. I can feel the mattress lowering next to me and shortly thereafter one of his arms is wrapped around my shoulders so that I can lean more against his body. »B-But he's so..p-perfect. I can not help it, that I love him.«

This time it's a sigh that escapes his throat before I feel his fingers in my hair and he begins to scratch my head. Taehyung doesn't say anything for a while so all around us is just hearing my shaky breathing and occasionally pulling up my nose. »My little Jiminie..«, he finally starts and turns my face to him, so that he can wipe the tears from my cheeks. »I understand you. He's exactly what you were looking for, for years. That's why it was only a matter of time before you evolved those feelings.«
He releases one of his hands to drive through his own hair and counts down on his fingers. »How long have you lasted? 5 months? 6?«

»5 M-months and 22 days ..«, I clarify him with the exact period of my "relationship" with Jeongguk. Almost half a year ago, he first approached me in this club and brought me to this hotel. It was probably the most beautiful half year of my life, because he kept his word. I didn't lack anything, he bought what I wanted and paid my bills for me. Actually, he even wanted to buy me an apartment, but I couldn't just leave Taehyung alone at the expense, which is why I refused in this regard. Jeongguk and I only met in hotels, not once did I see his house or anything about his life.

Til today.

»Jimin, it's not nice that he uses you as an affair.« My best friend then boggles in and looks me in the eyes. »You have to finish this while you still can. Before it gets worse with your feelings.«
I bite my lip firmly and lower my eyes to my hands. Taehyung is right and deep inside of me, I know that too.
But my heart won't accept it; I don't want to realize that the man I have been giving everything to myself for months is married to a woman.

»What if that's just a show?«, I ask softly, looking back at the younger man's face. »W-What if .. if he had to marry her, but really just likes men? A-And he's on me, I know that!«
A wistful smile creeps on my lips as I remember the many hours he spent with me. The hours when he made me forget everything and became my place of rest; replaced the club. Since that evening I haven't been there again, even though I love dancing, but ..

I just love Jeongguk more.

»Look, if you want answers, you must ask him«, Taehyung says, pulling away from me to get up this time. »But I don't want you to meet him again. Jimin, you can't faint, right? He can't use you like an object.«

I nod in understanding and hear Taehyung leave my room saying he would make me a tea. At that moment, I lay back on my bed with my back and stare at the ceiling. I don't want to imagine how angry Jeongguk must be because I've been off my phone for hours. It's one of the rules he set up at the very beginning; be available for him always and everywhere. But right now I can't bear it, but first of all I have to gather courage to devote myself to this confrontation.

And I already know how to do it.

──────⊹⊱᪥⊰⊹──────

Tired smiling I let myself drift, move unsteadily to the loud music and close my eyes. It feels good to be back on this dance floor, to move and drop; forget everything else. I'm not sure how long I'll stay here again, but it will be a while. My body already has five more drinks in it, and so the pain in my heart does not hurt so much anymore. At least not as much as a few hours ago.

»What do you think about ignoring me for hours?«

I would recognize that voice from millions, no matter how many other sounds are around me. My body is adorned with goosebumps when it sounds like that dominating undertone, which only suggests punishment. In spite of everything, I continue to dance silently, keeping my eyes closed until I can feel a hand on my cheek and now look into the face of my daddy. »Baby, why don't you talk to me?«

Jeongguk looks at my face, every single millimeter, but probably can't see much from the sparse light. As I still don't answer, he clicks his tongue in frustration and grabs my hand to pull me behind him. We leave the club, but he doesn't stop outside, but keeps going; right in the hotel of our first night.
Only in exactly the same room I become clearer and tears rise nostalgic in my eyes. Would I have decided otherwise, if I had known how perfect he is for me? But in the end, only hurt me and I'll play only the second fiddle? Exactly what I never wanted to be in a partnership?

»Jimin, what's wrong?« The dominant undertone has disappeared, giving way to a certain gentleness. A stifled sob escapes me and I lower my eyes as I realize that he has not once called me Jimin since that evening. How should I interpret that? Doesn't he want me more than his baby?
This time he puts both hands on my cheeks and raises my face. His expression is filled with worry as he wipes away my tears and probably sees me crying in our "relationship" for the first time.

»Y-you..you're«, I start, and he waits patiently, though I keep interrupting myself and sobbing. »M-Married and I'm your a-affair.«
Jeongguk says nothing and also on his Expression changes nothing. I expected him to answer with indifference, but he doesn't. He shows me as much concern as he does, and probably even more, as he now understands what's going on in me.

»Baby, listen«, he begins, but using that nickname again causes a certain amount of anger in me. So I beat his hands off me and step back. »Nothing baby, that's enough! N-Now you can't even see me as Jimin? Damn it, Jeongguk!«
I breathe heavily and my body shakes. After mourning there is always anger, they say and although I love this little word out of his mouth so much, I just can't stand it.
I can't bear that he doesn't see me as a person, but only as an object of his lust. I suppose I really expect too much, and also that he understands it, but I have now reached a point where I can no longer. Either we finish this here and now or he chooses me.

»Jeongguk, I love you.«

His eyes widen as these words come over my lips and briefly expose my heart. I really told him, though that statement was a taboo between us. As Taehyung said, from the beginning I knew that he would never develop such feelings for me, but now it doesn't matter. If I can't have it, then I don't want to have anyone. Then I'll just get thirteen cats when Taehyung moves out to move in with his boyfriend and I'm not alone. And at some point I die in the middle of my cats in my bed, just fall asleep and regret this decision one last time I made half a year ago.

»Y-You ..« Jeongguk has never been speechless before, let alone hearing him stammer. He's a very composed man and knows what he wants, but right now I have really taken him by surprise so that he doesn't know for the first time in his life. Under other circumstances, that would make me proud, but the situation annoys and depresses me too much.
»Yes, I love you«, I repeat myself, so he finally checks it out. None of us stir, so we face each other like two opponents in a boxing ring and try to duel with our eyes. Usually I am the one who breaks eye contact first and indulges in the dominance of Jeongguks, but today ..

Today he lowers his eyes.

Jeongguk raises his hands and looks at them for a moment before running his right through one of his hair and then coming towards me. I don't step back, which would be a sign of weakness, but stand by the whole, no matter how I do it. Like a few minutes ago, he puts his hands to my cheeks again, which exposes my heart and then makes me beat twice as fast as he finally leans his forehead against mine. Unlike me, he has closed his eyes, where mine are widening in amazement and I once swallow dry. Is it time now? Does he finish everything now and I never see him again?

»You're right«, he finally says softly, stopping in that position with his eyes closed. His breath hits my lips and makes me shudder, because everything in me longs to forget everything and to kiss him. Taehyung was right, I was getting weak and right now I'm really just going to go back to him.

»It was not fair to use you as an affair, and I'm sorry.« Now he's opening his eyes again, when mine growing even bigger with each of his words. He apologizes? Does his eyes show remorse? How should I interpret that?

»You know it wasn't planned to incorporate feelings.«

I have to refrain from turning a blind eye, because that he was playing this card again, I should've known. He pushes me now the jackass and makes me subliminal responsibility for the fact that it is between us now as it is. If I didn't love him, we wouldn't stand here and have this conversation.

»But you're not the only one who made that mistake, Jimin.«

Mistake? What he's talking?
My forehead is wrinkled confused and I put a little head to the side while he strokes my cheeks constantly. Based on my facial expression, he can probably read what I think, because a smile on his beautiful and - as I know from experience - soft lips, before he raises his head again, but doesn't take his hands off me.

»I love you too, Jimin, and that's why it's not fair for me to keep you like this.«

Silence settles on us after this confession and again it takes a while for me to realize these words. Only when my eyes start to burn again and my head understands them, they come to my heart and I really understand what he just said. Jeongguk loves me? The young man who entered into this callous relationship with me just to be satisfied returns my feelings? Slowly and ever faster, I shake my head, can't believe it and therefore take his hands off me. This kind of rejection also does something in Jeongguk, because a certain sadness lays in his eyes, which are constantly attentive to my face.

»Y-You're lying ..«, I finally stammer and bury my still-shaking head in my hands. »W-Why should you love me? Y-You're married to a woman, Jeongguk.«

»That's true, but have you ever considered what it could mean for a man of my standing to be openly gay?« Slowly I drop my hands and raise my eyes, which are right back on his face. I've never seen him so hurt before, but that's exactly what his expression shows me. The fact that I stepped back and rejected him, even though he said such important words, must break his heart. I'm probably too lenient or my feelings are just to blame, but I step back to him and am now the one to put his hands to his cheeks.

»No ... I didn't think of that«, I admit, guiltily biting my lip, but he puts his thumb on it, preventing me from doing so. »But why should I be that lucky? Why should there be someone like you who loves me? Jeongguk, I am honest..in this half year I realized that you are the man I have always wanted and I don't think so because you are wealthy. I would love you too if you were sleeping under a bridge simply because every time we met you showed me how special I am. Deep inside you are a wonderful person and in the cute Jeonggukkie, who is happy about little things and starts to shine, I fell in love and not with the rich CEO everybody wants.«

Thanks to my monologue, I actually made his eyes shine, and because he probably doesn't know exactly how to verbally respond, he acts simply. The next moment his lips lay tenderly on mine, give pressure carefully and begin to move slowly. I have always enjoyed kissing Jeongguk, especially since it is not self-evident in a daddy-baby relationship. But every single kiss made me forget for a moment that I'm just his baby. No more and no less.

And this kiss also makes me forget, but it also shows me that Jeongguk is serious. Never before have I felt so much emotion on my part that my heart almost jumps out of my chest as I imitate his movements and shortly thereafter our tongues come into play. How remotely my hands wander to his shirt open piece by piece every single button so I can push it off his shoulders. A soft sigh escapes me as I touch his soft skin as he lays his fingers on the hem of my shirt. This joins to his shirt on the ground and only then we loudly solve the kiss and look deep into our eyes.

»Jimin ... do you want to sleep with me?«, The young man asks me softly, who still brushes my lips with his own and finally gives a small kiss on it. My eyes are getting big again, because he has never asked me. It has never been that he ever forced me; I always wanted it. But sleeping together and being fucked will cause differences. With this question he shows me that he's serious, so that I can do nothing but nod in a trance.

The next moment Jeongguk grabs my hand and gently pulls me to the big bed in the room. It's not the first time we've had sex in it, because we did it on our first night, but I know it'll be different this time. Slowly he opens the belt of my pants without taking his eyes off my eyes and entangles me again in a loving kiss. With a fluid movement, he lets it slide to the ground with boxer shorts and then gently pushes me onto the bed. So now I have to lift my face slightly so that I can continue to look at it and his lips adorn a smile as he runs his thumb along my jawline. »Lie down, Jimin. I will love and touch you as you deserve.«

My heart sets again briefly and nodding shyly I follow his request. I can feel the smooth satin of bedding under my skin as I slide on this higher and finally lie down on the mattress with a bent leg and back. Jeongguk watched it attentively, while also ridding himself of the rest of his clothes and bending over me naked. He places one of his knees between my legs, casually stroking my nipple with his hand and engages me in another tender kiss. Thus he dampens the soft moaning, which escapes my throat at the touch of his finger on my nipple and bow to him thus a little more contrary.

At this point I already forgot everything that happened today. For me, Jeongguk just exists, the touch of his tender fingers and the kisses of his soft lips. As usual in the club I let myself fall, enjoy his prudence, as he begins to prepare me and pushes his fingers into me bit by bit and at a slow pace. So far, he has always prepared me and never just rammed me in, but now I notice a change as well. Jeongguk really wants to love me and not just pretend.

So could we have a future together?

Unchanged his tongue searches for mine in my mouth, even as he sits between me and slowly begins to press his length into me. This time I get a whimpering moan, but I feel no pain. In my mind there is just the passion and the desire for more. I want everything with him and not just in those few minutes, but forever.

»J-Jeongguk«, I start tormented because he now fills me with his considerable length. Apparently he also knows this time what I'm thinking about, because he gently puts his forefinger on my lips and shakes his head.

»I'll never gonna dance again, the way I danced with you. You'll be the only one, Jimin.«

Tears well up in my eyes as he uses the metaphor for our sex. It was always a kind of alibi, because whenever he met me, he described it that way. If he wanted me, he said he wanted to go dancing. I never understood why he didn't call it by name, but now that I know he needed excuses for our meetings, it all makes sense. But somehow I'm no longer angry with him, because he has already wrapped me around his finger long ago.

»Never leave me«, he breathes now and before I can answer, he joins my lips with his again to a kiss. At that moment he begins to move slowly, tenderly pushing into me and, as always, sending me to heaven. I love those skilful movements of his pelvis, those tender touches of his hands that glide incessantly over my body. Jeongguk gives me more goose bumps every second and kindles a fire inside that makes me burn up from the inside. But despite everything I want more and more, let my moan louder and then as I feel my orgasm, I moan his name one last time in his mouth loud, before I cum between us.

Jeongguk follows shortly thereafter, his moan also includes my name and shortly thereafter, he puts his head exhausted in my crook. It probably takes an eternity, in which we just lie on each other and listen to the hectic breathing of the other. My fingers slowly glide through his soft hair or scratch his scalp, until he is the one who clears his throat and lets his voice resound.

»I know, I made a mistake. I shouldn't have used or denied you that way when you deserve so much better.«
Carefully he raises his head so he can look at me again, and puts one of his hands against my cheek to caress it lovingly. »I'm also aware that it's really up to me to ask you that, but ... do you want to be by my side, Jimin? Open and honest, so that everyone knows what a wonderful man I know?«

Again my eyes grow big and I swallow once, before I clear my throat as well. »U
A-And your wife?«

»Jimin, that was just show. I will divorce and from now on shit on the norm of society! I love you and I just want you, nobody else should stand between us.«

Excited I bite my lip and feel as if he had made me a marriage proposal, which of course isn't the case. He made me speechless with his decision, so I can't help but nod in agreement with his suggestion, which is why I'm rewarded with a loving kiss.

And this kiss that seals our promise is just the beginning of countless happy years with the man I've been waiting for all my life. And to whom I can forever give my unconditional love.

buzzword

        "Hi! I'm (Name), I have DDD titties, and I'll be fucking you later tonight." You greet with a grinning chipper, hand extended out for the bottle-blonde to take. His smirk is razor sharp as your words settle into his alcohol-soaked brain, briefly flashing his friend beside him a "I can't believe this" quirk of his brow before taking your hand in his.

"Terushima Yuji," you giggle in delight, giving a nod of your head as acceptance of his name and his agreement to your shameless claim.

"Oh my go - come on!" Before you can manage to engage with Terushima any further, a hand at your wrist is tugging you away. You whine, pouting at the tussled mop of hot pink in front of you.

"Yuki!" You whine as he pulls you into the empty living room of the house the party is raging at. Most of everyone is outside on the patio, sitting by the fireplace, or out in the garage playing beer pong and flip cup. He pushes you onto the couch, arms crossing over his chest as he glares down at you, orchid eyes burning with fury. "What?"

"What the hell is wrong with you!?" He gives you no time for a half-baked defense, quickly grilling you with no restraint. "That's Terushima! He's the biggest slut here, you know that! That's why you're supposed to avoid him!" Yuki waves a few fingers in front of your glazed over eyes, "Fuck, (Name). How drunk are you?"

"I'm fine! I was fucked up earlier, but I made myself get sick. Now I'm rallying! I'm good!" He can see through the falsities of your claim, your pupils so dilated all he can see is the bright blue irises that cut through the dim light of the empty room. He knows there's no controlling you, no way to make you see anything other than what you want to. He can argue with you until he's blue in the face, but he won't get through that thick skull. Especially with how far gone you are.

"Use a fucking condom," is all he can manage to spit out before retreating to the kitchen in search of something to eat and a reprieve from your drunken shenanigans. He's already certain you have a concussion from a failed backbend attempt, the crown of your skull having firmly connected with the concrete floor of the garage earlier in the night.

You hum in triumph, head tilting from side to side as you bounce back out to the garage in search of your conquest of the night. Fear of regret is nowhere to be found in the slosh of gray matter swirling inside your head; you won't remember any of this in the morning, anyway.



        You wake up to a cold wetness covering your skin, body shivering from the way your damp clothes cling to clammy flesh. Dewy grass tickles at your exposed body as you push your face off the ground, groaning at the way your body protests all your horrible decisions from a few hours ago. The burning throb between your legs is enough indication to prove you at least hooked up with someone, just another shameful memory you're now blissfully unaware of. You look around the sea of tents littering the backyard, the gently sounds of breathing and some stray snores alerting you to how many people have still crashed out from the rager.

You weave through the maze of nylon and polyester, shuffling out the back gate of the yard to browse the cars parked in the front yard. Yuki's is still here, meaning he didn't abandon you. He never did, no matter how much he threatened to the next time you did something like this, he would never do anything to leave you to fend for yourself; he knew you couldn't. Drunk you is a whole different breed from sober you.

Walking into the house, you find Yuki in the kitchen, comfortably sipping a cup of coffee. Without sparing a word, he slides a phone across the island, letting the device coast across effortlessly in your direction. Snatching it off the counter, you grimace at all the missed calls and texts. "Tell him you're on the way," is all Yuki says to you before discarding his empty cup in the sink, fetching his keys from one of the drawers lining the island, and strolling outside. You type as quickly as your fingers will allow, scampering after Yuki.

Fortunately, it's still early, just barely 7am by the time Yuki gets on the road. Your bag is packed and in the back seat of his car, having prepared for this before going out last night. Of course, you weren't supposed to party as hard as you did, knowing the training camp was starting the next day. Better judgement always leaves you as soon as you step into a crowd downing mixed drinks and throwing back shots. You mentally curse yourself, still rapidly texting apologies to the captain and promising you'll be there on time. Naturally, you ignore his text asking why you never responded to him through the night.

The entire drive to the training camp, Yuki explains your behavior and antics of the night. You cringe the entire time, a pained groan leaving your lips when he mentions you went off to hit on and sleep with Terushima. You didn't know much about him, just seeing him frequently at the same parties you attended. He was a playboy, through and through. Normally, Yuki managed to keep you from him, but last night you decided to flip the script. "You're pretty cock hungry for a bitch that just managed to get her second," Yuki scoffs and you give a snort in retort.

Fuck, why do you always do this?

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

        "A pretty one and a cute one!? It's just not fair!" Yamamoto cries, watching the two Karasuno managers file in behind the rest of the team members. Tanaka and Nishinoya only snicker in victory before going on an 'I know!' tangent. "But!" The Nekoma boy perks up, a deviously triumphant glint in his eyes, "We have our own manager, now!"

"What!?" Tanaka reels, taking a step closer to the two-tone-haired male.

"Is your manager a girl, too!?" Cries Nishinoya, hands clasping together in hope at the front of his chest.

"Damn right! And she's -" his voice trails to nothing, focus locked in place behind the two boys he had been talking to. Nishinoya and Tanaka turn around, gawking as the newest female to arrival. Ignoring the three of them with ease, chatting animatedly with Kiyoko and Yachi, though the conversation seems dominated by the dark-haired woman who is usually known to be of few words. Dressed in fitted, crimson track pants and a black long sleeve that seemed more like a second skin. Long, platinum locks pulled into a loose, high ponytail that stopped right in between the shoulder blades. Her piercings are noticeable with her long locks pulled high, showing off the industrial, helix, tragus, and lobe piercings in the right ear.

"She's fucking perfect," Tanaka screams into his hands, dropping to his knees as Nishinoya flails beside him, tears rolling down his cheeks.

"An angel among men!"

"We love her so much," Yamamoto breathlessly adds as he swoons with the other two over you.



        You shook your head at their antics, not in the least surprised by it from Yamamoto. "I'm sorry," Kiyoko practically whispers. "They're always like that," her sigh matches your own as you can only thumb over at your own boy and nod in agreement.

You had just arrived no more than five minutes ago, not yet even having a chance to report to the coach or your captain and the rest of the team. Based off the near constant buzz of your phone in your pocket, they're getting restless waiting for you. As much as you want to stick around to talk with the Karasuno managers, you know you have other matters to attend to. With a slight bow of your head, you excuse yourself and trot off to the gym, being sure to latch on to the back of Yamamoto's collar and dragging him along with you.

"(Surname)-Chan!!" Lev's exasperate cry of your name has the entire team turning, a few dark looks cast over shoulders being thrown in your direction. One in particular pierce you in place, the normally bright hazel hidden behind the shadows his bangs cast over his face. Your throat constricts as you swallow nervously before throwing out a nervous wave. Your phone had been blown up between Kuroo, Kenma - who was worried about you and the way Kuroo was panicking-, Lev, and even Bokuto, who had been dragged into the mix. None of them knew of your nightly antics, only ever having seen you as the picture-perfect student and manager. To hide your less favorable habits, you always entrusted Yuki with your phone to respond to the worrisome boys when you were preoccupied. Last night you had lost your phone, making even responses from fake you impossible. You still don't know where or how Yuki managed to hunt the device down, as you were certain buying a new one was inevitable. Much to your luck, no one has time to berate you; the other teams participating in the training camp filing into the building. You pass the three worried boys in red an apologetic smile before scampering off to gather your notebook and other materials you use to make notes of their plays. You always wrote down ideas on new attacks, how to better block against certain teams, and other overall team-strengthening notes.

Up until three weeks ago, you had been a manager for the girls' volleyball team. Your efforts to better them so intense the entire team cried when you left to join the boys. The girls had two managers, and Kuroo was insistent of recruiting you to manage them. Naturally, you offered your younger counterpart to them, but he wanted you. They wanted you. Kuroo and you had been friends since the very start of high school, and he had taken quick note of how knowledgeable you seemed on his favorite sport. You never elaborated farther than, "my grandfather is a volleyball coach." So, he was more than adamant about you managing their team, even going as far as to get the coach to confront you and ask you to join their ranks. It wasn't until the ever silent, aloof, Kenma confronted you that you gave in.



        You smile softly as you approach Kiyoko and Ukai, holding out a mini stack of four papers to the former to take. Notes with writing covering the front and back of each page. "Your boys seem to be struggling a bit. I hope you don't mind; I noted a few things and made a few suggestions." Kiyoko glances at them before handing them to the coach. You stick around just long enough to see his baffled expression before softly giggling to yourself and walking away. Ukai looks at Nekomata, who only gives him a sly grin as if to communicate that he knows; one of their greatest weapons happens to lurk off the court.

You don't even register as a ball goes whipping past, reacting with so much nonchalance you don't even realize you'd received the ball with your forearm and rocked it back into play. That is, until Yachi has her arms wrapped around you, crying and endless line of 'thank you' into your shoulder. You look around owlishly, not registering the sting against your darkened flesh until Lev lets out a whistle of appreciation, "Our manager is a badass!"

"Yeah, she receives better than you," Kuroo snickers back, dampening the mood of the younger player. You roll your eyes, playfully flipping Kuroo off as you take your place back on the Nekoma side of the court. Yaku chuckles lightly at the deflated first year, watching as even a faint smile graced Kenma's lip. The tension from this morning had worn off and everyone was back to normal behavior, with the exceptional narrowed glances Kuroo passed your way.

~*~*~*~*~*~

        "That's so cool!" Hinata chimes, beaming at Kenma who had been telling him a little more about their manager. "She seems really comfortable with everyone!"

"She is," the soft-spoken male agrees, his lips melding shut as more members from other teams begin to join in on the conversation. It went without saying that the boys were enamored with the newest addition to the volleyball club, especially after your effortless receive earlier.

"She's small," Tsukishima notes calmly, observing you as you stand outside with the other managers, happily chatting away.

"Smaller than me! It's adorable," Hinata chuckles lightly, "she's like a little chibi." Kuroo hums to himself at the assertion, him, Bokuto, and Akaashi listening in from the outskirts of the horde of males. He peers over the heads of the other players, feline eyes raking over your form. You're short, just barely reaching 152 centimeters. The excitement in your face highlighting your large, bright eyes that always manage to capture his attention, no matter from how far away. The apples of your cheeks puff as you laugh from something one of the other girls say, giving your angular, feminine face a rounder appearance. "You just thought of another way to tease her, didn't you?" Akaashi sighs out, unable to ignore the way Kuroo has locked on to you like a predator stalking its prey.

"Well, I can't help it. She makes it so easy," the noirette snickers, his attention finally breaking away from you, only to immediately return as he watched Yamamoto, Tanaka, and Nishinoya practically skip out of the building. Sawamura makes a move to retrieve his two straying members but is stopped by Kuroo shaking his head at the other third-year. "Let's see how this plays out." Bokuto grins like a fiend, sitting on the floor, ready to watch the chaos unfold as if it were the only source of entertainment he enjoys.

"(Surname)-senpai!!" Your skin noticeably crawls as he tacks on the unnecessary honorific, although you've grown used to him calling you it. You barely have enough time to turn before a pair of arms are in your directly line of sight. With immeasurable speed, you dodge the attempted hug, flawlessly swooping under his outstretched limbs, sliding behind him, and kicking the back of his left knee, dropping him to all fours. Tanaka and Nishinoya are worshipping you from the side while Yamamoto cries into the dirt how it was a pleasure to have you touch him. You cross your arms over your chest and roll your eyes, accentuating your annoyance with a sigh that's heard from all the members still inside the gym. "What are you up to, Bakamoto?" Before he can answer, the two Karasuno boys are in front of you, bowed at 90-degree angles.

"We wanted to tell you how beautiful you are!" They scream at the same time, eliciting a few owlish blinks from you in return.

"Um, thank you?"

"Thank you!" Tanaka calls back, Nishinoya following right behind with, "for gracing us with your presence!" The other girls watch with feigned exasperation, amazed any of the awkward admirers had the gall to actually say something to one of the women they admired. The rest of the boys watch with clear amusement, ready to watch as you blow the three off as nothing more than a nuisance. Kuroo's lips curl in a sinister smirk as he sees your shoulders moving, your laughter quickly flowing out into the otherwise quiet area.

"Look here, you simps are adorable and all," one of your arms drops to your side as you pop a hip, leaning your weight to one leg. Your dumbfound expression has faded into something darker, a threateningly promising, yet all the more arousing, lilt to your tone, "but I'll eat you alive." The comment only serves to send them into a frenzy you easily overlook by calmly strutting into the gym, a smirk cracking your lips as your eyes meet with Kuroo's. Bokuto is right beside him, looking just as smug with how you handled the three. They knew exactly how you would react. While you're known for being the picture-perfect student and quite friendly, you are, to be blunt, quite the bitch.

'A bad bitch,' as Kuroo had so suavely stated one day after watching you reject an admirer as if he were nothing more than a fly in your space.

"Well, are you going to start your personal practices or keep gawking?" The group of boys quickly breaks apart, only serving to leave most of the captains and a few middle blockers daring enough to stick around. "Oh!" You turn to the Karasuno group that remains, remembering they were the only team you never got to speak with earlier. "The name is (Surname) (Name), manager for Nekoma. Pleasure to finally meet you all! I've heard a lot." Kageyama looks around like a lost puppy, ready to bolt in the opposite direction. Hinata stares at you with wide eyes that scream adoration, for a various of reasons, at this point. Sawamura and Sugawara easily introduce themselves before pointing out the junior members of their team, all of which have fallen silent in your presence.

"You sticking around for personal practice?" Kuroo asks after you finish your introduction with the rival team.

"Of course, who else is going to grill you for your fuck ups?"

"Ouch," Lev snickers, only to fall silent as Kuroo and Yaku home in on his existence.

"Should have just kept your mouth shut," Kenma sighs out as he moves towards the locker room, clearly done for the day.

~*~*~*~*~*~

        "You'd be a lot better if you had just a bit of passion," you note, watching as Tsukishima sneers as another spike from Kuroo zips past him. "You'd probably even have a chance at blocking his lackluster serves."

"Hey!" Kuroo barks, a threatening sharpness in his glare.

"If you're so good, why don't you try?" Tsukishima begrudgingly snips, unable to bite his tongue even if he needed to. You give a small 'heh,' before glancing down at the incoming call flashing across your screen. You decide to ignore his sass and the way his face contorted in smug triumph, opting to answer the call instead. Too comfortable to move, you place to call on speaker, setting the cell on your thigh and motioning for the boys to continue their practice.

"Ohlolol!~ (Name)-chan, what are you doing in a gym this late?"

"Observing," you answer curtly with a carefully placed scowl towards the tall, lanky blonde. "What are you doing, call me this late, Satori-kun?" The next serve smacks the ground with a resounding crack that makes you question if the volleyball popped from the impact. All eyes are locked on the phone in your lap, not a single glance holding any warmth towards the boy on the other end of your call. You bite back a smirk, all too pleased with their reaction. The Guess Monster of Shiratowizawa called you, the Nekoma manager, casually, at damn near 10:30pm.

"I ran into Yuki-kun -" the call is off speaker before he can get anything else out, something that especially seems to tip off Kuroo and Bokuto. You place the phone to your ear, excusing yourself from their practice and making your way to the privacy outside. "He said he was worried about you."

"I can't imagine why," you lie seamlessly. Yuki wasn't bold enough to out you for your brash tendencies, but that didn't mean he wouldn't try to push others to question you. Especially with your more recent, outlandish behaviors. "I haven't texted him today, been busy with the training camp. Did he tell you anything to say why?" Your voice is laced with false concern. It burns you to act so fake with Tendo, but you can't bother yourself with that much when your heart is hammering against your ribs, waiting anxiously for his answer.

"No, he never elaborates," Tendo sighs through the phone.

"I forgot to mention that I can't use my phone much during the camp. I'll send him a text to let him know." You laugh lightly, "can't have him worrying you."

"Or the others," he casually reminds, as if you truly forgot the rest of the team and how much their members cared for you, too.

"I know, Satori-kun. I'm sorry for worrying everyone. But I'm fine!" He chuckles in response, clicking his tongue.

"I don't think I've ever seen something get to you, (Name)-chan! You're strong, that's why I love you! ~"

"I love you, too. Good night!"

"Night! ~" you watch as the call picture gives way to your home screen and you release a long sigh, the vein near your temple throbbing with the threat to rupture. You sent a quick text to Yuki, 'alerting' him to your limited phone usage before calling him a few minutes later, being sure to block your number out, as to keep it from appearing in his call log. The pinkette answers with a deep sigh, "I'm assuming Tendo called you." You give a deep hum of confirmation, your irritation painstakingly noticeable even without having to speak a word. "I didn't say anything incriminating."

"You said enough," you hiss back. Yuki sighs again and you can picture him running his fingers through his hair, already tugging at the roots in aggravation.

"I figured I'd give you an opening to talk to someone about what's going on with you."

"Nothing is going on with me!"

"(Name), you're blacking out once a week! Some weeks you do it two to three times, back to back days!" No rebuttal comes and he knows it's because you know his words are truth. "I'm worried about you."

"If you were so worried you wouldn't be taking me to the parties."

"I took you yesterday because you said you weren't going to drink!" Even though he knew that was a lie; you always drank once in the environment to do so. "Besides, if I don't go with you there's no one there to make sure nothing horrible happens to your dumbass."

"Look, it's not a problem. I just get buzzed and I have a hard time turning down drinks." Another lie. "I don't need to drink, Yuki." Finally, true words from your mouth. You didn't need to drink; you didn't rely on it or feel the need to indulge every night. You only did drink when you went out to parties. It was easier to drink than to - "I'm fine," you promise, pulling yourself from your prior thoughts. His concern wasn't unwarranted, and deep in your heart, you knew that. "And if a time comes when I'm not, I'll let you know." You smile to yourself, tone shifting to a playful promise, "next time I'll stay level and let you have fun." He only snorts, mutters a "we'll see," before bidding you a goodnight and ending the call.

The forced smile wears into straight lips as the call ends, leaving you in the silence of the summer night. You shake your head; you didn't need help. Your drinking wasn't that bad, you didn't need help. It just helped warm the cool numbness you normally felt, there was nothing wrong with that.

Right?

~*~*~*~*~*~

        "Oh-hohoho," Kuroo quickly blocks a spike from Bokuto with seamless precision, even with being distracted by your tiny figure drifting back into the gym. "And what did the Shiratorizawa punk want from my sweet Chibi-chan?" The soft padding of your feet across the floor faulters as you quirk a brow at him; that was a new nickname. You purse your lips, managing to fight back the slight blush that threatened to spread across your cheeks.

"Satori-kun is not a punk, first of all. Secondly, he was just checking up on me."

"Didn't know you were so close with him," Bokuto notes with a lingering note of curiosity, hoping to coax you to elaborate. Giving a simple shrug, you respond, "I'm close with the entire team." Tsukishima and Lev raise brows at you while Hinata seems torn between envy and conflict. "Believe it or not, Nekoma is not the only team I like."

"But we are your favorite," Kuroo coos, quickly closing off any distance between the two of you until the tips of your shoes are pressed with his. "Right?" Craning your head back, you smile at the grinning male. You really do hate how fucking hot he is. Shifting your weight to the tips of your toes to bring your face slightly closer to his, your hand comes up as your index finger taps the tip of his nose.

"Yes, Kuroo-kun. You're my favorite." It's effortless to say, especially when both of you know it's true. You and Kuroo had been in the same class since your first year, both taking extreme interest in the sciences. As your years together grew, and your third year was quickly drawing to a close, you decided to apply to the same programs at the same colleges. "But your ass is grass if you don't clean and lock up this gym in the next fifteen minutes. It's 11:45."

"Oh, shit," Bokuto grunts before rushing to gather stray balls, the rest of the boys following suit. They'd been lucky tonight, being able to practice miserably late as the coaches and other older staff decided to go out for drinks. You smirk, rolling your eyes as you watch them clean in a frenzy before casually making your way to the dorms.

~*~*~*~*~*~

        "Noya, I think she's gonna hit you," Hinata warns, scooting away from your side to slot his body behind Kageyama. Through the rest of the training camp, he, Tanaka, and Yamamoto had kept their pestering to a minimum. But, having observed your interactions with the Nekoma captain, the wild-haired boy had decided a few things on your relationship. Nishinoya caught your off guard during the barbecue, sneaking up on a conversation you were pleasantly holding with Tsukishima, Yaku, Akaashi, and Lev. Hinata and Kageyama had joined in, but stayed silent for the most part. Nishinoya immediately started to throw out question after question about the dynamic between you and Kuroo's dynamic before finally asserting he was certain the two of you were secretly dating.

"Oh?" Nishinoya tweaks his head to the side, carefully deciphering your body language. Your jaw was clenched, hands balled at your side, and despite the growing blush across your cheeks, the furrow in your brows was just another clue to tip him off to your boiling frustration. You knew you couldn't entirely fault him for the assumption, most people thought you and the captain were an item. But it didn't stop you from wanting to throttle the exuberant libero any less.

"Kuroo-kun and I are not dating, Nishinoya-san." A long breath releases from your lungs as you calm the buzzing in your nerves. "He's one of my best friends, I don't view him like that?"

"Oh? So, who do you see like that?" A sharp glare is tossed over your shoulder at Tsukishima. Despite the rough start the two of you had on the first day, he seemed to have warmed up to you and even asked you a few pieces of advice on how he could improve. That didn't erase the fact he was a little shit.

"I don't -"

"Chibi-chan! ~" Red blisters across your cheeks as Kuroo coos out your new nickname, sauntering up with Sawamura and Bokuto in tow. Tsukishima snickers at your involuntary reaction, earning another skin-splitting glare from you in return before quickly returning your attention to the incoming captains. "We're making a group chat between Karasuno, Nekoma, and Fukurodani. We wanted to add the managers, too!"

"None of them have been interested," Bokuto admits with a lopsided grin, his hand resting against the back of his head. Despite the sigh to leave your body, you give a faint smile before pulling out your phone.

"It's fine. I'll make it. I just need everyone to put their nu -" your request is cut short, a FaceTime request from Tendo coming in. The boys hover closer, waiting patiently to see if you're going to answer it or not. You huff at them in irritation, knowing full well as Kuroo pushes directly against your side he's planning to make sure the Shiratorizawa player knows your occupied. Ignoring the uneasy tension radiating from around you, you answer the call with a beaming smile. "Hey, Sato - oh!" The olive eyes staring back at you send a rush of heat through your entire body; cheeks, ears, and neck painted pink. "H-Hi, 'Toshi-kun." Without looking you can feel Tsukishima's golden orbs narrow on you, a shit-eating smirk sprawled across his face as if the answer of his earlier question were plain and simple now.

"Hello, (Name)-chan," Kuroo nearly groans at your familiarity with the rival player. The faintest of his smiles fades as he notes the multiple people surrounding you. "I should go, you seem b -"

"Ah, ah, ah! (Name)-chan answered the phone! Talk to her!" Tendo hisses in the background, and you can nearly picture his exasperate face; eyes wide as he fails his arms to dissuade Ushijima from hanging up.

"N-no, you're fine, 'Toshi-kun. It's the last day of our training camp, so I'm free to talk!" Bokuto giggles from off to the side, his finger poking at Kuroo's cheek as a way to tease him over his obvious jealousy. Fortunately, Sawamura can see your desperation to break away from the crowd and breaks off to the side, creating a space for you to slip through. You thank him with as much sincerity your hues will radiate before briefly jogging off into the emptied gym to resume your conversation. Looking back down at the phone, your pleasantly surprised to see Ushijima still there, patiently waiting for you to find your privacy. "I'm sorry about that."

"No need to be sorry." You break eye contact with him for a moment, brushing a few strands of hair behind your ear.

"Sorry Satori-kun made you FaceTime me."

"I wanted to."

"Oh?" Just like that, your blush returned. If he noticed, he was kind enough not to comment on it. Tendo had been trying to push you into confessing to Ushijima for a year now, but you never budged. It was practically a public fact that the Ace of Shiratorizawa was too busy to indulge in a relationship, and you couldn't stand being rejected by him. The risk of ruining your friendship was him was too severe. You had one too many reasons not to confess, a major one being you were in no place for a relationship. You were horrible at expressing any emotions outside of irritation and aloofness, affection never coming easy to you. You had told Tendo you were 'emotionally stunted,' to which he only teased back by saying, 'and vertically challenged.' Ushijima seemed distant and stoic to everyone, but you had seen the softer sides of him that made you almost feel guilty whenever considering wanting to be with him romantically. He didn't deserve a cold, unaffectionate girlfriend. None of the boys in your life did.

Tendo's voice whispered through the background once more, a soft encouragement of, 'ask her' crackling through the speaker. "The Spring High Tournament is coming up. I wanted to know if you would be watching us."

"Of course, I will!" The flash of relief and appreciation that crosses his expression makes your lips tug upwards.

"(Name)-chan," Kuroo calls from the doors of the gym, letting them gently close behind him. The grave tone of his voice makes you feel like there's something serious he needs to discuss, and the lack of his signature grin or fire in his cat-like orbs only steels the suspicion. You look back to Ushijima's picture on the screen, a frown now taking place of the smile he had brought.

"I'm sorry 'Toshi-kun. I have to go. I'll text you, okay?"

"Okay."

"Bye! ~ Oh, and bye Satori-kun!" The line cuts out before the redhead has a chance to say anything back. Turning around, you lock your phone, slipping it into your pocket to face Kuroo. He's already moved from the door, practically towering over you. Your eye level with his lower chest, a normal issue for you, being surrounded by monstrously tall boys all day. Not to mention the 15-inch difference between the two of you. "What's wrong, Kuroo-kun?" He doesn't respond, staring down at you with a narrowed glare. The tension from him is palpable, making your heart slam against your ribs like a battering-ram. He's pissed, you know he is. Without a doubt he heard you agree to watch their games, knowing full well you had others to partake in. "Kuroo -"

"Can't you ignore them just once?"

"They're my friends, too. You're not the only one."

"I know that!" He groans out, head tilting back before snapping forward again to meet your stare once more. "But do you have to jump to answer them when you're with us?" It took everything in his being not to say, 'when you're with me,' knowing full well that you didn't view him in any romantic sense. "We hardly get to see you."

"I see you almost every day," you counter with a raised brow. "Kuroo-kun, why are you being so jealous?" A teasing grin is shot in his direction as you raise to the tips of your toes, resting your chin against his strong, broad chest. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say you have a crush on me. ~" The ravenette snorts, pushing two fingers to your forehead and pushing you away with a scoffed, "You wish."

"I really fucking do."

"Come on, shrimp," Kuroo wraps an arm around your neck, pulling your cheek against his side as he heads back outside. You whine against him, lightly smacking against his stomach in mock effort to make him release you. In reality, you love being so close to him and wouldn't wish for anything different.



                "Hey," Tsukishima approaches you just before everyone is set to board their buses and return home. "I have a favor to ask." You close the notebook you had been scribbling 'to-do' notes in, giving the blonde bean pole your full attention to show you were listening. "Those notes you gave Coach on the first day for the team. Do you -" he clears his throat, orbs of dark honey shifting off to the side as a faint shade of embarrassment trickles across his face, "do you think you could do that for me? Write down the things I need work on and ways I could get better?"

"I thought Bokuto-kun and Kuroo-kun had been teaching you?"

"They had! I just - you're observant and seem to know what you're talking about. I wouldn't mind someone else to push me." You try to dial back your pride in the younger male, thrilled he's starting to accept his interest in the sport and upping his dedication.

"Yeah, Tsukishima-san. I can do that for you."

"Y-you can call me Kei," he shrugs, trying to be as casual as possible without throwing in his usual sarcasm. "If you want."

"I'll text everything over to you in a few days. Thank you for trusting me, Kei-kun."

buzzword

"I need to make money," Jungkook says through a mouthful of salt and vinegar chips, spewing crumbs towards Jimin who, thankfully, doesn't look up from his psychology homework to see the greasy, chewed up bits landing on his cashmere sweater, otherwise he'd probably throttle Jungkook right then and there.

"Okay," Jimin replies, with about as much interest as someone who's just been told Christmas is cancelled. "Then get a job. Like an adult."

"Tried," Jungkook says, his voice a bit muffled as he chews. "None of them have gotten back to me."

Jimin eyes the sleeve of tattoos winding around Jungkook's bicep and up under his sleeves, coiling around his arm like some kind of snake. "Have you tried Spencer's?" He looks pointedly at Jungkook's ears, and the row of glittering silver hoops dangling from them.

Jungkook groans. "No. Fuck off. I'm not applying there. I don't want to sell sex toys."

Jungkook flops back onto his mattress in defeat, kicking his feet up on the wall. Jimin snaps at him to take them down, but he chooses to ignore his friend, continuing to shovel the remainder of the chips into his mouth. He purposely smacks his lips as he chews, dodging a pillow that's chucked in the direction of his head.

"Then I don't know what to tell you," Jimin says unhelpfully. He adjusts his glasses on the bridge of his nose and goes back to writing his study cards. He doesn't budge when Jungkook rolls over and nudges him with his leg.

"I need money for textbooks next semester. I was supposed to have a job lined up through my uncle but it ended up falling through. Now, if I don't find something before January, I'm screwed."

"That's crazy," he says, pen still moving undettered against the paper.

"Jimin."

"Good luck with that though, everything will work out I'm sure."


"Jimin, help me."

"Congratulations by the way, glad to hear that for you."

Only when Jungkook digs his toe into the soft skin underneath Jimin's ribs does his friend shriek and look up, finally paying attention to him. Laughing and squirming away, he closes his textbook and shoves it to the side, straightening his spine until he's in a seated position.

"Alright, fine, I'm listening. What's up?" he asks, grabbing Jungkook's ankle so he can't take another jab at him.

"Help me find a job."


"Okay, and what exactly do you want me to do to help? You have to send out your resumes, bud. It's the same struggle for everyone."

Jungkook whines, burying his nose into the side of Jimin's thigh. "I'm tired of looking. I wish there was a way to just, like, have a job. Instantly. No interviews or resumes."

Jimin reaches down to gently scratch at the long hair behind Jungkook's ear, smiling when he lets out a noise that sounds almost like a purr. He always nags Jungkook to get a haircut, but Jungkook thinks Jimin secretly thinks it looks nice like this, boyish and cute.

"You'll find a job, don't worry. It'll just take some time. The only people that find them easily are ones that already have connections to hiring companies. You're doing it the old fashioned way."

"I think I've run out of businesses to apply to at this point."

"Come on it can't be that bad. You could be a Twitch streamer. You're good at video games." Jimin offers supportively. He flicks one of the hoops in Jungkook's ear at the end of his sentence, leaning forward to grab his laptop. "They can make a killing doing videos."

"That takes time to build up a following, I need the money now," Jungkook says with a sigh, relaxing into Jimin's touch. He peers at the screen on Jimin's laptop, watching him type up an essay he remembers him mentioning is due tomorrow. Jungkook props his cheek up on his thigh and closes his eyes, falling into relaxation at the sounds of Jimin's fingers tapping away.

"That's not necessarily true," Jimin reasons. "It's October now, the next semester starts in January. You have around three full months to play with to build up something substantial. Think big, Koo."

"I think you're gonna have to let the Twitch streamer dreams go, Jimin. I don't think that one is gonna happen."

"If you say so," Jimin shrugs.

The two fall into silence for a bit, Jungkook laying there making a point of ignoring his very pressing assignments and homework left neglected on the other side of the bed while Jimin does the opposite and makes a startling amount of progress in a short amount of time. Jungkook has just drifted off into a light slumber when he is roused awake by the moment of Jimin stopping to stretch, releasing the tightness out of his back and shoving all of his schoolwork away. He glances at the clock to see that an hour has passed.

"Finally done this piece of shit essay. Don't ever take psychology. Anyone who tells you it's easy is a liar. I'm starving. Do you want me to order us a pizza? I've earned it after this."

Jungkook is already getting up to reach for his wallet when Jimin stops him with a grab of his wrist.

"Nuh uh, I'm paying. I refuse to take from the poor."

"Shut up," Jungkook whines. "I still have some savings left. Let me chip in a little bit at least."

"Yeah, and put you on the street? What kind of friend would I be."
Jungkook grumbles, but lets it go. He watches Jimin palm the bed for his phone and type in the number. "Get extra cheese," he calls out to him.

"Yes, I know you want extra cheese."

"And bacon."

"Yes, I know."

"And get garlic bread on the side."

"Jungkook, shush. Go wash your hands."

Jungkook does get up to wash his hands, but not before wrapping an arm around Jimin's neck ina chokehold and wrestling him down into the sheets while he tries to stammer out his order to the person on the other end, gasping when Jungkook knees him in the stomach a little harder than he should have. He comes back from the washroom fresh and reinvigorated, shaking out droplets of water from his bangs where he got sloppy washing his face, tittering when they land on a disgruntled Jimin.

"You're a menace, Jeon Jungkook," he says flatly.

"You love me."

"I wouldn't go that far."

Thirty minutes later the pizza arrives and Jungkook is snuggled into Jimin's side as they watch a movie, full and content and sleepy after mauling through the entire large pizza and garlic bread that Jimin had lovingly added on per his request. He licks the grease from his fingers just to be gross and settles back into Jimin's lap to let his hair be pet again.

"I really need to get a job," he mumbles sleepily, too stressed to let the topic go.

"I know, Koo," Jimin says soothingly. He combs his fingers through his fringe and looks down at him with soft eyes. "I'm sure you'll find something eventually. I'll ask my manager at work if they have anything open. It's not a handout if you show them you deserve it, and I know they'll love you."

"No, no," Jungkook protests. "I don't need your help in that kind of way. I'll find something on my own, I'm just complaining because it's been on my mind a lot lately."

"If you're sure. Say the word and I'll ask around. The offer's on the table."

"I don't think I'd be able to take eight hour shifts with you. I spend enough time with you as it is."

"Okay, brat." He smacks the side of Jungkook's cheek lightly, too soft to be anything other than affectionate.

"I wish I could like, sell nudes or something. Twenty bucks a dick pic. Fifty bucks to see me jerk off. Those kinds of things. My ex-girlfriend used to do that."

"Your ex-girlfriend sold dick pics online?"

"No, shut up, you know what I mean. She sold pictures of her tits and stuff. Ass pics. Whatever people wanted. She paid for her new phone with the money."

"Oh, you mean like an OnlyFans?"

Jungkook cranes his neck to look up at Jimin. "A what?"

Jimin is gazing down at him fondly. "OnlyFans. It's a website where chicks sell pictures and videos for a monthly subscription. Five dollars a month for pictures, ten dollars if you want to see more. It gets more and more expensive as you unlock more features. That's probably what she used."

Jungkook plays with the frayed threads on the couch cushion as the episode of the Netflix show they're watching plays on TV, even though neither of them are paying attention to it. "I don't know, I never asked. I didn't really care."

"I mean you could make one for yourself. Who's to say there aren't people out there that wanna see a guy's nudes? There's gay people that will be interested. Plus, you have like twenty thousand followers on Instagram anyways, so you already have a fanbase."

"Yeah, but those are mostly people from school. I don't want them to see my ass."

"Then don't show them," Jimin offers. "Post like an ad on your story: 'Come see my dick! Five dollars a month!' and let the cash roll in. It would tide you over until you find something real."

"Do you think girls would be interested in seeing that?"

"I'm gonna be real with you Jungkook, I don't think the main demographic of men's OnlyFans subscribers are sexy, straight, college females. It's gonna be mostly gay men."

"Wouldn't that kind of make me gay though?" Jungkook twists around on the couch as he thinks aloud.

"Elaborate."

"Like, I'm posting pictures for other gay men? Interacting with gay men? I feel like that might be a little gay, I don't know."

"Jungkook, you're overthinking it. You don't even have to interact with any of them if you don't want to. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, actually. Unless you check, you won't know the genders of any of your subscribers anyways."

"What if they think my dick is small? What if they hate it?"

"Jungkook."

"This is a legitimate concern of mine! I don't know what I'm competing against."

Jungkook stops when he feels a little tug at the strands of his hair, but feels Jimin smiling above him anyways. "So, do some research tonight. See how other men run theirs. Just use my credit card to sign up, I won't ask questions, but don't go overboard. Then you'll know what's expected of you."

"Are you really considering this for me?"

Jimin pauses. "I mean, I'm not opposing it, if that's what you're asking. I'd support you and understand if you chose to do this. It makes sense, it's popular, and it's a lot less work than some of the other jobs out there right now you could be stuck with instead."

"Hm, I'll think about it," Jungkook decides. He wiggles a little to settle deeper into Jimin and sighs in relief when he feels his fingers sink further into his hair. "But if I agree and they laugh at my dick you have to buy me ice cream for a month."

"Deal," Jimin promises. "But no one is going to laugh at your dick."

They watch the rest of the movie mostly in silence, broken occasionally by their laughter or one of them making a joke throughout.



A few hours later, Jungkook is home, Jimin's credit card in hand, parked in front of his computer as he types in the OnlyFans website with hands he refuses to admit are slightly shaking. The level of mortification he felt when sheepishly asking Jimin for the card is unmatched, and he doesn't think he's ever felt that embarrassed in a long time. But the damage is done and he's here and he's actually doing this and maybe he's hyperventilating just a little bit.

The screen seems to take forever to load and Jungkook taps his nails a little too aggressively on his desk as he watches the pinwheel spin agonizingly slowly while the screen comes into view. He's annoyed to find that he can't even see the profiles of other users until he's signed up, and mails away the last of his dignity as he uses his personal email jeonjungkook1997@gmail.com to register for the site.

The first thing Jungkook notices is that not all of the popular profiles are female, which was a stupid assumption to make anyways, considering he's considering signing up himself. He scrolls through the recommended and finds that most of the profile pictures and descriptions are vague -- unsuspecting, and clean. He wasn't sure exactly what he was expecting, but somehow this wasn't it, Jungkook thinks, as he clicks through one person after another.

The second thing he notices is that they're not all selling sex. In fact, a lot of them aren't. Some people are offering workout videos, other dance videos, some even giving sneak peaks at new music they're releasing. Jungkook had expected something a little more raunchy; a little more centered around nudity and depravity.

With a hum, he clicks on the first male profile he sees that suggests their content could have to do with what he's looking to post himself. Jungkook finds that he's probably made a correct guess, when he sees the obnoxious amount of tongue and eggplant emojis in the person's description, followed by promises of more exclusive content when a monthly fee of $7.99 has been paid. Jungkook feels his cheeks go a little hot at the implication, and twists in his chair a little bit at the thought of actually entering in Jimin's credit card information for this. He knows that despite whatever Jimin promises him, he's going to get teased to the ends of the earth for this.

The profile doesn't give much in the way of hints towards what he'd be getting if he did hypothetically shell out the $7.99, other than unlocking some pictures and one monthly video. For all he knows the person is being deliberately misleading to con him into giving away his money. Regardless, Jungkook figures he has to start somewhere and with a mix of reluctance and nerves, he types in the 16 digits on the card, followed by the expiry date and the security code. When he's finished, he takes a deep breath before hitting submit, and oh god, he just paid for a guy's nudes.

Jungkook takes a few minutes to allow himself a mental breakdown, and paces around the room with a racing heartbeat before he can even consider sitting back down and actually looking at the content he just paid $7.99 for. Of all the things he could have imagined himself doing tonight this was probably the last on his list. He's starting to realize he could have just asked his ex-girlfriend how she ran hers, and saved himself the mortification of looking at penises all night and maybe not learning anything, but now it's too late and he's committed to this.

Five minutes later, Jungkook reluctantly sits back down in his chair and risks a peek at his screen, to find it innocent and blank and white like it was at the beginning. He clicks on the man's profile and oh , okay, the person definitely wasn't being misleading.

The very first picture on the profile that used to be whited out and covered with a lock but is now visible to him is a full body selfie of the guy standing in front of a mirror, looking post-shower. What stands out first is an impressive six-pack, golden and tanned and rippling, even more pronounced by the warm lighting and droplets of water running through the rivets of his stomach. Jungkook's eyes wander downwards to a pair of low hanging briefs, exposing a trail of fine dark hair that leads into a thick patch right before the waistband conceals him from seeing anymore.

Jungkook feels his cheeks flush once more when his eyes catch onto the bulge in the man's underwear, thick and long and a little wet, and okay he is switching into another tab and stopping for a moment to collect himself and reflect on what he's just seen.

Slightly panting and feeling very flustered, Jungkook has to ask himself what the hell he's actually doing right now. Choosing to keep an analytical, observational approach to this, he discerns that the photos men post leave very little to the imagination, and there is no build up to what he is seeing.

Going back with renewed vigor once his cheeks don't feel like they're melting off his face, he continues to scroll, noting anything of interest about how the man conducts his business , as Jungkook will choose to call it. Most of the pictures are a little more explicit than the first, though his fans seem to enjoy the ones that are more playful and teasing. It's also not about showing as much as possible, but rather giving something that is pleasant to look at. It's about more than just the dick.

Which is good news in Jungkook's opinion, because he doesn't think he could make it if the only desirable quality was size. He's not small by any means, and he's a little bigger than average, but he just isn't what he's used to seeing in porn, okay.

He gets a little lost in the profiles, and finds that there's all different types of guys. Pretty boys, muscular guys, chubby guys, and just regular guys. Some put on a more dominant persona, while others lay back and let their fans take the reins. They offer neat perks for their fans, such as personal videos, private chat rooms, and live cams. At the moment, those are a little too much for Jungkook, but he's interested in the level of different tiers, and the way the owners of the accounts seem to really bond with their subscribers. He thinks eventually maybe even he'd like something like that.

It would feel nice to be wanted in such a way.

Not that he's particularly vying for attention at the moment. He has no trouble finding hookups at parties and finding girlfriends when he's in the mood to be tied down. His ex-girlfriends found him very romantic and sweet, as a matter of fact --not that he's bragging or anything. He just thinks it would be a different kind of pleasant experience to be wanted so much by people willing to pay to see him.

He wonders what it's like.

Jungkook doesn't realize how late it's gotten until he's yawning and blinking blearily at his computer screen, only to see it's past 2 am. Deciding to call it a night, he closes all of his tabs and shuts down the computer before nestling under his blankets. He feels positive about the entire experience, he thinks. The site looks legit, the profiles are private, and he thinks if he wanted to hide his identity he could. No one who might potentially hire him in the future would have to know. It could just be his little secret. The more successful accounts had to make a lot of money, right?

Before he falls asleep, he bunches his shirt up and glances down at his stomach. His months of hard work at the gym had paid off, though he had gained a little weight lately from lazing around on the couch with Jimin all of the time. He still looks toned and healthy and lean, however, and his abs still stand out. With a few weeks of cutting down, he could look almost as ripped as the guy he saw earlier.

Before he can change his mind, Jungkook fetches his phone and opens the camera. He shimmies until his pants are kicked around his ankles and pulls his boxers down until they ride low on his hips like the guy in the picture. He's soft right now, and doesn't know if he wants to get himself hard for the picture. After a moment's debate, he decides against it - he doesn't have the energy to finish himself off tonight.

Jungkook tests it out by taking one picture, the low lighting concealing the outline of his cock under the thin, black material. All that can be made out is the dip of his waist and the milky, caramel colour of his skin, arching up invitingly. The picture cuts off at his nipples, hard and sensitive in the chilled air of his room. He studies the photo for a few minutes, critiquing his figure but finds he's overall pretty happy with the guy he sees in the image.

Putting his phone on his desk, he readjusts his boxers until they're a little more comfortable and rolls over to go to sleep.



The next day, he's back in front of his computer, ex-girlfriend in tow, standing behind him looking less-than-impressed with one hand on her hip as he talks her through what he needs help with.

"So basically, you're asking me for help on how to set up an OnlyFans," Seoyeon says, sounding in disbelief. Jungkook doesn't blame her.

Her long hair tickles his neck as she leans forward over his shoulder and he squeaks, twisting away from the feathery strands. She scowls at him, swatting his shoulder.

"Yeah, that's basically it," Jungkook says cheerfully, moving his finger over the mouse to show her one of the profiles he'd subscribed to last night. It feels less shameful in the daylight with an audience, and he snickers when her eyes widen in the same way his did at first glance. "Thoughts? Questions? Concerns?"

"Wow, uhm, okay," she says, taking a step back. "What exactly am I supposed to be saying about this? Like, where do I even begin?"

Jungkook swivels around to face her, a hand on each knee as he leans forward all business-like. "I need you to tell me what you did so I don't mess up when I set up my own. You're a girl, you know better than these guys do. I need tips from the best."

"If this is a weird attempt to get us back together it's not gonna work, Koo."

The two had broken things off amicably, their relationship always veering closer to friends-with-benefits rather than boyfriend and girlfriend. Jungkook hadn't taken it hard, and it seems she hadn't either, by the way she had answered his texts with a friendly "?" when he messaged at 5:38 a.m.

"No, no," he rushed to correct her. "It's not that, I promise. I genuinely just need your help and I remember you telling me you made a lot of money doing it before."

"Whew, okay, where do I start," she says, breathing out a big whoosh of air. She runs one hand through her hair and stares off into space, eyes wide and round as she considers her next words. "Not gonna lie, when you messaged me saying you needed me to help you pick out nudes I thought this was an offer for a hook-up."

Jungkook looks up at her in surprise. "Huh? Then why did you agree?"

"Nevermind that, tell me how far you're willing to go with this OnlyFans and we'll go from there."

Jungkook switches his attention back over to his computer screen, suddenly feeling more shy. "Uhm, I'm not entirely sure. I guess as far as I need to go to make money, but not more than I need to. I don't want to do anything too over the top."

"Okay," she says, settling into a comfortable seat on top of his desk. Jungkook doesn't have the mind to tell her off for pushing all his papers to the side in a crinkled mess. "So what's that? No butt stuff? No lingerie? What are we working with here." She begins swinging her legs, something Jungkook thinks might be deliberately to annoy him.

"Butt stuff? What's that?" Jungkook asks, feeling a little innocent and out-of-touch for once for someone whose wastebasket is more condoms than crumpled up paper.

"Like, fingering, plugs, toys, a dick," Seoyeon goes on, refusing to stop even when Jungkook protests and reaches over to shut her up with his hands. She laughs at his flustered expression. "Come on, what did you think I meant? Anything that has to do with your ass."

"I'm not gay," Jungkook mumbles, covering his burning cheeks with the side of his hoodie.

"It doesn't have to be gay. I pegged my last boyfriend and he's only ever been with girls," Seoyeon announces a little too proudly, puffing her chest out.

"What?" Jungkook says loudly, sitting up ramrod straight. "He let you? You didn't do anything like that with me."

"Would you have wanted me to?"

" No ," Jungkook insists. "But, I mean, you could have asked. Whatever. We're getting distracted. Back to the subject at hand. To answer your question, no I'm not comfortable with that kind of thing. Any of it."

"That's one step laid. Onto the next. How close and personal are you willing to get with your fanbase? Videos? Live cams? What are you willing to offer? You have to have something worth paying for. People aren't just going to pay for pics. They need a little more substance than that."

Jungkook thinks for a moment. He doesn't consider himself a prude, but it's one thing to be open with his body when it's just in the company of one other person. It's a little different to have that same level of intimacy with over a hundred faceless strangers.

"I think I would be okay with videos. Maybe cam shows after I get used to it."

"One thing I did was I let my fans bid on the stuff I do. So like, the highest bidder got to choose what I did in my next video. Or they'd choose what I wore that day, for example. Stuff like that. It gets you extra money and makes them feel closer to you."

Jungkook makes a happy noise. "I like that idea. That sounds fun."

"You can add more stuff too," Seoyeon goes on. "Like linking your Amazon wishlist so if they feel generous they can buy you items you need for school or even just stuff you want. I added kinky toys and lingerie because men liked buying me those, and I'd let them see it on me as a reward."

'Yeah but that's pretty stuff like underwear," Jungkook argues. "What would anyone even want to see on me?"

Seoyeon chuckles a little. "You'd be surprised. Why don't you ask them? I'm sure they'd have some ideas."

"O-okay," Jungkook says a little nervously, but doesn't push it. He fiddles with the hem of his hoodie. "Is there anything else? Something I need to know?"

"Honestly, I'd just say to take it slow and ease into it. You're not gonna have hundreds of fans right away and it'll take some time to build up a decent following. The key is consistency. In all senses. Consistent with your uploads, your persona, and your interactions. You'd probably never want to associate with any of these people in real life, but through the screen you should treat them with some kind of familiarity. People don't want to spend money on you if you feel unattainable."

"That makes sense."

"Also, don't panic if someone says something weird but don't be a pushover. Don't allow people to harass you or say things that make you uncomfortable, but at the same time this is kind of sex work. People are gonna have perverted thoughts about you."

Jungkook's expression turns a little lewd, and his lips creep up into a smile. "What about you? Would you pay for my OnlyFans?"

"Disgusting. Absolutely not. I wouldn't spend a penny to see your hairy ass."

"It isn't hairy! I started to shave down there!"

"Did not need to know that. You're a despicable person."

"That's not what you were saying six months ago. You were singing a different song then. Oh, Jungkook, harder, don't stop-"

Jungkook is cut off with a shriek when she tackles him and pins her hand over his mouth, shutting him up from saying another word. The two of them fall to the ground laughing, red in the face as the chair slides out of the way and Jungkook's papers flutter to the ground in a scattered mess.

Jungkook feels good about this. He thinks he can do this.



Jimin comes home later that night from work with two bags of take-out, and Jungkook greets him with a hug and an affectionate nuzzle into his neck as thanks.

"Get off me. Down. Sit boy," Jimin scolds, pushing a whining Jungkook away as he struggles to take his shoes off with no hands. Jungkook happily takes the bags from him and scurries over to the living room table to rest it down, plopping onto the cushions as he waits for his friend to undress and bring over plates for them to eat off of.

"How was work today?" Jungkook asks sweetly, taking Jimin's coat neatly when he hands it to him and folding it to the side, out of the way. "Any interesting customers?"

Jimin ignores him. "Why does this room smell like sex?"

Jungkook grins unabashedly. "Seoyeon came over to help me set up my OnlyFans."

"And that led to sex how?"

"She thought I was inviting her over for a hook-up."

"And you just didn't correct her, or?"

"I am a healthy young man in the prime of my youth."

"Right," Jimin says, blinking. "Well, first of all, that's disgusting. Second of all, I brought home Thai so, dig in."

Jungkook does, cracking open one of the plastic cases and spooning a heaping pile of steaming noodles onto his plate. He sneaks an extra shrimp when Jimin isn't looking, even though they agree to split the shrimp evenly between them.

Jimin sits down a few minutes later beside him, hands and face washed and changed into sweatpants and a t-shirt. He smells fresh and clean, a mixture of fabric softener and his face cream. When Jungkook makes a noise of contentment, Jimin reaches over to ruffle his hair.

"You seem happy today," he comments, watching Jungkook's eyes flutter shut under his touch. "Have you decided if you want to do it?"

Jungkook speaks between loud slurps of his noodles. "I think I'm gonna do it, yeah. I have a good feeling about it."

"Seoyeon helped you make up your mind?"

"Mhm," Jungkook says, mouth too full to speak. "She gave me a lot of advice. She made me feel a lot safer and at ease about it."

Jimin tucks a strand of hair behind Jungkook's ear. "That's good. I'm glad she was able to help you. I'm not much use in this department, unfortunately. When do you think you'll start?"

"In the next few days probably," Jungkook says. "I'll make a post on my story or whatever to tell people around it."

"You could probably do some paid promotion too. A lot of big accounts do shout-outs for cheap, then you wouldn't need to post it on your main."

"I could do that too," Jungkook agrees. "Do you think it'll be successful? Like will people actually pay for it?"

Seeing his friend's worries, Jimin rests his food down and reaches over to massage Jungkook's shoulders. "I don't see why not. Offer some really cheap tiers. Like, two dollars a month as the cheapest option and just have it unlock a few photos. Then, five dollars for photos and a video. Make it go up from there."

"Okay, I'll do that. Seoyeon told me she's gonna make me a wishlist, so I don't have to do that on my own. She wants it to be a surprise when someone buys me gifts."

Jimin looks skeptical, and looks like he may want to say something, but changes his mind. "Alright, but you should still have some things you actually want on it."

"Oh I gave her a list of things to add. She's just taking the rest into her own hands."

Jimin wipes away a smear of sauce on Jungkook's cheek, and Jungkook leans into the touch. "Are you two getting back together now?"

"Nah, that was a one time thing, I think. She's talking to someone else right now, and she doesn't want to mess it up."

"Look at my baby," Jimin coos, scooping a protesting Jungkook up into his arms and squeezing. "All grown up. Doing his own cam shows now. They grow up so fast."

Jungkook struggles to squirm away, but is instead forced deeper into Jimin's aggressive but loving embrace. "Let me go-- Jimin-- I can't breathe you jerk--"

"Soon you'll be moving out and leaving me."

"What-- that doesn't even make sense, we're roommates-- hey, Jimin!"

The two spend the rest of the evening buzzing excitedly over Jungkook's new aspirations and planning how he'll begin it, and Jungkook goes to sleep with a warm, fuzzy feeling in his stomach from a mix of excitement and the soju the two had drunk late into the night.

He thinks this might be one of his better ideas in a long time.

"Taehyungie," Jimin whimpered softly, "Why does it have to be so damn cold?"

Taehyung gave Jimin a sideways glance as they were walking along the sidewalk towards their favorite coffee shop that they frequented almost every morning before classes. He skipped up the step to the door and swung it open for his shivering best friend, "Jiminie, I think you're the only one who gets cold in this nice weather. There isn't even a cloud in sight, and it's only September. What are we going to do with you?" He smiled sincerely as his small, blonde best friend walked through the door and let out the breath of air he was holding as he met the warm interior of the building. Taehyung quickly grabbed his hand and pulled him along to the back of the line of people waiting to order. Jimin turned to him with a small pout and playfully furrowed brows before speaking,

"It's not my fault I don't radiate the un-natural amount of body heat that you do. I swear, you'd think you were an alpha with how warm you run all the time. It's not fair," Jimin paused and tugged at the sleeve of Taehyung's t-shirt before looking down at himself and the oversized hoodie and dark skinny jeans he was wearing, "Give me some, come on. Don't be shy." He finished with a mock-serious expression on his face.

Taehyung just laughed and wrapped his arms tightly around the other omega, "Oh my little baby Jiminie, you're so cute when you try to act all mad like that. You can just ask for hugs, you know?" He started tickling the shorter boy's sides gently.

"Aish! I'm older than you!" Jimin wiggled out of his grasp wearing the same pout as before crossing his arms, "Let me get my coffee in my system so I can tolerate you a little more." He looked at the taller, brown-haired omega for a couple of seconds before a small smile started to spread across his face. Taehyung looked mildly offended, but this kind of banter was common for the two of them. After all, the two of them had grown up together, and even went to school together their entire lives. Both omegas were the same age, with Jimin being a couple of months older, although considerably smaller. They were attached at the hip since they could both remember, and no matter what kind of small disagreements they had here and there, that never stopped them from loving each other more than anything. The pair of omegas understood each other better than they understood themselves. They were soulmates. Taehyung and Jimin, Jimin and Taehyung.

"Oh Jiminie, so terribly cute." He swooned as they both stepped up to the counter and ordered their drinks. Taehyung weighed his options for a short while before ordering one of his favorites, a too-sweet, ice-cold, almost-doesn't-even-taste-like-coffee drink with whipped cream. He learned from Jimin that his signature caramel coffee beverage was a perfect match to his own sweet caramel scent, except the drink missed the light hints of almond that his best friend loved. He smiled at the barista and stepped aside so the blonde omega could scoot right up the counter. He knew exactly what he wanted, as he got the same thing every time.

"Good morning, just a medium-sized dark roast. Black." Jimin paused before he glanced over to the pastry-filled shelf. He never usually felt like having a sugary breakfast, but today something inside of him was yearning for something in particular. He adds, "Oh! And a cinnamon roll, please. I'm starving. We can share, Tae Tae." He smiled widely at the barista and then at his best friend, pulling out some cash and paying before following the taller omega over to the end of the counter. Taehyung was clapping his hands in a tiny and excited manner and squealing about how excited he was for their treat. Jimin was just as excited, craving a sweet breakfast before the start of their first day of classes. It was their third year in university, and there were definitely some nerves working their way up Jimin's spine and lingering in his brain. This year was going to be a bit more difficult than the last one, as he had more difficult dance classes and longer practices at night. He hoped he would be able to see his friends often in his classes, because wasn't sure he would be able to much outside of school since he still needed to look for a part-time job. He only knew he had math first thing in the morning with Tae, the rest was a mystery. He decided then that when he arrived at his first class, he would send Hoseok a text asking for his schedule.

He swallowed down his nerves as his order was called, and he and Taehyung both grabbed their drinks and left the small, warm café with a 'thank you' called over their shoulders. The taller omega licked the whipped topping off of his drink before grabbing the cinnamon roll and taking a huge bite. Jimin just took a second to hold his coffee in both hands and brought it up to his nose, deeply inhaling the rich, bold scent. He finally took a sip and let out a deep sigh in relief. It tasted like heaven on earth.

They walked to class in comfortable silence, both enjoying their drinks and taking small bites out of their breakfast. Jimin moaned quietly as he tasted the pastry that they were sharing, admiring the sweet but buttery cinnamon flavor as he chewed. That along with his favorite coffee filled his stomach and he let out a delighted sound at the thought of it being a good start to his day. Before too long, they were walking through the doors of their university and pitching the wrappers from their food. Taehyung had finished his drink and Jimin still held his own warm beverage in between his hands while the other quickly looked up the room number for their first lecture. It was math, something like Algebra or Trigonometry, which wasn't too exciting. However, Jimin knew it would be a breeze considering he had a natural understanding of the subjects and could manage top marks in the class without a ton of effort. Taehyung always joked around with him that he could major in math since he was so good at it, but Jimin always laughed and shook his head at the thought. He definitely did not want to make a career out of it. His passion was in dancing and performing, and always had been, just like Taehyung's passions were in art and history.

Besides, Jimin felt like the type of people to major in math were most likely boring and lacked any kind of creative drive.

He scrunched his nose up at the thought, following closely next to his best friend as he led them to the lecture room. They walked in and Jimin noticed that it was a smaller room instead of a large lecture hall. He sighed in relief knowing he wouldn't have to strain to hear or see no matter where they sat, since he left his glasses at home. He looked around and realized that not many people have arrived yet, and there was no sign of a professor. To his surprise, Taehyung plopped down in a seat right in the front row, motioning for him to sit beside him. Jimin just raised an eyebrow at him.

"Really? My Taehyungie wants to sit in the very first row? I thought you hated math." The blond boy said as he pulled his bag off and set it next to him.

"Yeah yeah, but I want to do well in this class for my GPA. There is no way I will pay attention if I sit in the back." He uttered before crossing his arms and leaning back in his chair, blowing a piece of hair that had fallen onto his forehead. The brunette boy turned his head slightly and looked at Jimin before smirking, "And who knows, I've heard that some professors take more of a liking to the students who sit near the front. Maybe they will have mercy on me if I smile a lot". Taehyung finished with a wide, boxy grin. Jimin just snickered and pulled out a notebook before taking another sip of his coffee.

"I think that's a myth, but I guess we will see." Jimin smiled and ran a hand through his hair before relaxing into his chair. He noticed that more students were flowing in through the doors, and before it was too late he quickly pulled out his phone and sent a few texts to Hoseok.



Me: hey hyung!

what does your schedule look like this semester?

I really hope I get to see you...I miss you :(



A response came shortly after,



Hobi!! (sunshine): Jiminie-ah! I've missed you like crazy

let me send a picture of it!!

[image]

let me know what we have together, I'll check after class

love youuu!~~



Jimin smiled down at his phone, appreciating the energy his friend always seemed to have. Hoseok was his dance partner in crime, and they usually had some classes together because they were both majoring in the subject. They also practiced a lot together and became very close through school. Jimin felt very lucky, as Hoseok was a very talented, bright, and caring beta who was always the one to lend a helping hand to his younger brothers whenever they needed it. He has even offered to help with his previous heats, and although Jimin would have felt very comfortable with someone like Hoseok by his side, that spot was reserved for his best friend. It was a very tiring and vulnerable time for an omega, and growing up with Taehyung, they only had each other. While nothing sexual happened between the two, they always kept each other company and helped the other to bathe, eat, and stay hydrated until their heat was over. The blonde was also very used to his friend's scent, although it did become a little too sweet during those times. He thought Hoseok's bright citrus and floral scent might be too much for him. Still, he was a wonderful friend.

Jimin sent another quick text in affirmation and an 'I love you' to his friend before he slid his phone in his pocket and looked back towards the front of the room. The clock on the wall read that class started in 20 minutes. They must have arrived way too early today.

As more students filtered into the room, Jimin caught a whiff of his coffee and sighed at how heavenly and delicious it smelled. He leaned forward and picked up the cup to take a sip only to realize the cup was empty. That's strange...I'm smelling the ghost of my coffee now? Maybe I need another one-

In that moment, Jimin looked up towards the front of the room at a new figure leaning against the large podium, and he stilled. His eyes widened slightly, and his breath caught in his throat as he openly gawked at the new presence in the room. The man was unbelievably handsome, and Jimin was in awe. He allowed his eyes to roam over the man's figure. He was tall, well-built, and clearly an alpha. Jimin could make out his muscle tone through the layer of his white button-up shirt that was well-fitted and tucked into some very flattering black slacks. His thighs looked strong and his broad chest tapered into his thin waist. The omega glanced back up and noticed his big brown eyes scanning the papers he was holding in his hands.

Oh God, his hands. Jimin's brain short-circuited for a moment and he let out a small whimper as he watched the man flick through the papers before setting them down on the podium and stepping around it to stand at the front. Jimin caught the slight shimmer of the watch on his wrist as he swept his hand through his dark brown hair and cleared his throat. The alpha looked young, almost like he could be a student, or even a student teacher, but there was this confident and authoritative aura about him that hinted he was a little older. The blonde boy squirmed in his seat and could not for a second take his gaze away from whoever this was. His omega didn't want him to stop looking either, and he could tell by the way it stirred inside of him. The wolf inside of him was just as interested in this beautiful alpha as Jimin was, and that was unheard of for his omega.

There was a brief second before Jimin let out the breath he was holding and took another deep inhale to catch his breath as to not start panting in front of an entire room of his peers and his best friend next to him. It was then that he caught a whiff of the same rich coffee aroma, with a little hint of something else added in. His eyes widened again as he realized that the alpha standing at the front of the room was the source of the delicious scent.

I am so fucked, Jimin thought to himself.

The man checked the clock and cleared his throat again before speaking,





"Good morning everyone." His voice is like music- "My name is Jeon Jungkook. You may call me Professor Jeon, or simply, Professor."





Yeah, definitely fucked.

Notes:
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed <3 and come say hello to me on twitter ~ @jeonslegend

Chapter 2: Vanilla
Summary:
A look at Jungkook's morning on his first day.

Notes:
Some chapters will be following Jimin and some will be following Jungkook, to give you a little bit of insight as to how both of them are feeling. I will try to let you know who each chapter follows as I post them, and also if there is ever a switch in POV mid-chapter!

enjoy~

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Monday



Jungkook woke with a start to his alarm blaring next to his bed, his eyes shooting open and then squinting at the light filtering in through his bedroom windows. He sighed deeply and rolled over to grab his phone and shut off his alarm while making a mental note to change the obnoxious sound before tomorrow, as the sudden noise damn near gave him a heart attack. It definitely did its job in immediately waking him up though.

He sat up in his bed before moving to rest his bare back against the pillow and headboard, the cold wood feeling nice against his warm body. The alpha closed his eyes for a moment to collect his thoughts and mentally run through his plans for the day ahead of him. Today was the day, after all. Eight years straight of early classes, long papers and student teaching brought him to this point in his life. He was thankful, having received a handful of scholarships to attend top-notch universities because of his excellent grades. In fact, he even graduated high school a year early as valedictorian, and was almost guaranteed entry to any school in the country that he preferred. Ultimately, he decided to attend a university in Seoul and moved away from his parents in Busan as soon as he turned 18. Even though he lived on campus in the dorms and technically did not need to work, he still helped his professors after class most days with whatever tasks he could. Jungkook always wanted to keep himself and his brain busy, even though he was constantly managing his school work and friendships. He always felt the desire to improve himself academically, for whatever reason, he wasn't sure why. The alpha had always been like that, and that same drive was what lead him down the path of a bachelor's degree, then a master's degree, and eventually a doctoral degree in mathematics with an emphasis in education. While he had not grown up with a particular passion for math or teaching, his skills and impressive patience brought him to the conclusion that he could easily make a solid career as a professor at a nice university. However, along the way, he fell in love with educating others and found the math concepts to be beyond interesting. In the end, he knew he chose a fulfilling path.

The paychecks were just an added bonus.

Only months out of graduate school, he was accepted at one of the nicest universities in Seoul to teach trigonometry and calculus after student teaching there for almost two years while finishing his degree. It was kind of a really big deal to him, and his parents couldn't stop bragging to their friends about how their baby boy had grown up into such a talented, intelligent, and outstanding alpha. He blushed furiously whenever they praised him for it, but he was also proud of himself. All of his hard work had paid off.

Jungkook broke himself out of his thoughts before he reached for his phone and threw his legs over the side of the bed to stretch his torso and back. He checked the date and let out a small puff of laughter as the corner of his mouth curved upwards.

September 1st.

The alpha thought it was a little ironic that one of the most important yet nerve-wracking days of his life had landed on his birthday, but he should have seen it coming as classes always started at this time during the year. He had spent many birthdays in his life attending his first day of school, starting when he was in primary school, and he would probably continue to do just that until the day he retired.

Jungkook let out a long sigh at the thought and spoke quietly to himself, "Let's get it."

As he stood and walked over to his joined bathroom to shower and groom himself for the day ahead of him, he continued to let his mind wander. Under the warm, steady flow of the shower, the alpha carefully considered his plans for the afternoon, which hopefully included grabbing drinks with a few of his close friends to celebrate his birthday. His small circle of friends that he met in school and through student teaching had all been very busy leading up to the start of the fall term, and they rarely got the chance to see each other. Jungkook smiled a little wistfully, a small pang of longing settling into his heart at the thought of how little he got to see both them and his parents. He would definitely need to change that, now that the weight of studying and thesis-writing had been lifted from his shoulders.

Jungkook had to admit to himself that he felt lonely. While he had studied so diligently in school, he neglected his close relationships and never had the proper time to meet a lot of new people. Of course, he did meet friends, and he did try dating, but previous relationships had always fallen through for one reason or another and he had decided that finding a mate could wait until he was done with school.

Or, at least, until he was sure he had found the one.

However, thus far he was sure he hadn't. His parents had always told him that he would know when he found the person he was meant to be with. They told him that not only would he feel it, but so would his wolf. It would awaken the alpha inside of him and he would feel a connection to that person like no other. But with every passing relationship, there had always been something missing, and his alpha had always stayed reserved, waiting. Simmering. If Jungkook wasn't such a hopeless romantic, maybe he would have settled down with someone by now. Maybe he would have found a nice omega or beta to court and start a life with, but he held out hope. He kept telling himself that his perfect match was out there waiting for him, just like he was waiting for them.



Hopefully they wouldn't have to wait too much longer.



Jungkook stepped out of the shower and dried himself off before heading into his room and standing at the front of his closet. He quickly snatched a pair of underwear and socks before choosing a very simple outfit; a well-fitting white button-down shirt, some straight black slacks, and his favorite pair of black brogues. He thought that maybe they could be considered his lucky pair of shoes, but nothing particularly lucky had happened to him any time he had worn them. He wasn't really sure where he came up with that idea in the first place.

Jungkook proceeded to slip the ensemble he had picked from his closet onto his body, and then positioned himself in front of his bathroom mirror to apply the slightest bit of hair product to his hands. He took his time, neatly styling the dark brown wavy locks out of his face and to the sides a little bit. Before exiting, he finished his skincare (his eomma would be pleased to hear that he kept up with his skin regularly) and brushed his teeth.



As the alpha passed by the full-length mirror on the wall in the hallway he stopped and gave himself a once-over before smirking slightly and continuing on towards the kitchen. He was feeling especially confident today, and the escalated confidence only aided in boosting his attitude towards the day as well. He was ready to hopefully make a good first impression on his colleagues and students.

I've got this, he thought as he made himself his coffee to-go and exited his apartment, locking the door and taking a deep breath before heading to the campus.




...




Okay, maybe not.



Jungkook stepped out of his car and was quick to realize just how many students there really were. They were quite literally everywhere, all walking to and from their morning classes with their friends. He watched for a second and noticed most of them were either on their phones, drowning themselves in their music, or munching on breakfast as some of them strolled casually and others walked at a brisk pace to get to wherever they were going. Of course, he himself had attended university and had even frequented this same campus for years now, but he was no longer a student, or even even a student-teacher anymore. He had to conduct himself and his body language in a completely different manner around campus now, knowing people would soon start recognizing him as one of their professors instead of simply one of their peers. It was an intense feeling, but Jungkook allowed a small smile to creep onto his face at the thought of it.



He was a little bit nervous, but he also felt damn good.



The alpha straightened his back and adjusted his bag on his shoulder before starting on his short journey to the front of the building, nodding and smiling at students and his now-colleagues in passing. He noticed some whispers directed at him as he passed the students every once in a while, but he didn't let it get to him as he was sure he was just being self-conscious on his first day. They were most likely just noticing him for the first time, and continuing their own conversations with their friends. Nothing to be nervous about.



He glanced at the clock on the wall as he entered the building, and noticed that there was still 20 minutes until his class was to start. Jungkook sighed and slightly sped up his walk. He would have to adjust his commute time and arrive a little earlier from now on to give himself ample time to prep for his lectures each day. He wanted to have everything set up before most of the students arrived, and he was worried he would run out of time.

Within a minute or two, he spotted the door leading to the room that he would be teaching his first class in. It was an 8 am trigonometry class, and he already felt for the students that had to drag themselves to the campus at 8 am in the first place, let alone to learn math.



As he approached the door, he got a brief whiff of something sweet, and found himself stealing small breathes of air to further inhale the comforting scent. Jungkook found himself relaxing his shoulders a little bit and lifted his eyebrows in surprise as he realized that whatever or whoever he was smelling was actually helping to clear his mind. He took a moment and tried to decipher exactly what it was that he was smelling. After testing the air for a second or two, the alpha concluded that it smelled like warm, comforting vanilla. Sweet and rich, but also light and creamy. It smelled like someone had baked a fresh batch of vanilla macarons or had whipped up a bowl of thick vanilla buttercream and shoved it right under his nose. It was the most heavenly aroma, and to his luck, it was only getting stronger as he approached his class.

For some reason, he wasn't picking up any of the scents of anyone walking past, so the alpha was growing more confused the closer he got. Am I that hungry that I'm just imaging things now? Jungkook tilted his head before stopping outside of the room. It was a little bit plausible, as he had forgotten to grab breakfast.

He quickly turned his attention back to the events that were currently taking place. As he filtered into the lecture room with a few students, he spotted the podium and desk in the front of the room. There was a large monitor spanning the wall that was hooked up to the smaller computer monitor, and a device to project his handwritten work onto the wall below it. He quickly reached into his bag to grab the necessary papers for the first lecture and set it down near the desk. To calm his nerves, he briefly glanced at the written lesson plan and topics for the day before setting the small stack of papers down on the podium and walking around to the front of it, so the entire class could fully see him. Another quick glance at the clock told him that there was only a minute left, and there were no longer students filtering into the room.



Before he looked up at his new students, he took a deep breath to calm his racing heart and the nerves bubbling under his skin. On the inhale, he suddenly smelled the scent from before. It was even more delicious and irresistible now, and all Jungkook wanted to do was gulp it down and replace all of the air in his lungs with it. He knew if he opened his mouth he would be sure to taste it, and the thought of doing that was extremely tempting to the alpha. His wolf was also stirring, and Jungkook knew that it was indulging itself with the sweet smell of vanilla as well. He was a complete stranger to the feeling of such a strong and sudden reaction from his wolf, but he banished that thought to the back of his mind for the moment and just enjoyed the calming effect it had on him. When he let out the breath he was holding, the nerves from seconds ago dissipated as well.

Perfect timing.

Jungkook cleared his throat and swiftly ran his hand through his hair before standing confidently and projecting his voice,

"Good morning everyone." He heard a few of the students utter out quiet greetings and 'good mornings' back to him before he continued, "My name is Jeon Jungkook. You may call me Professor Jeon, or simply, Professor."



He carried on with his introduction, explaining briefly that this is his first year teaching and listed the courses he will be leading while scanning the students in front of him. Eye contact will make them feel more engaged and more connected to you, Jungkook reminded himself, not that he had ever really had a problem connecting with the people he was teaching. It had come naturally to him, and more often than not it helped others to feel more comfortable around him.

Just as he finished up his introduction and took one last sweep of the students sitting closest to him with his eyes, he found himself immediately stopping his gaze at one particular student. In that moment, it felt as though the wind was being knocked out of his lungs and the world had slowed down and screeched to a halt.

Sitting there in the middle of the front row was the most breathtakingly beautiful man he had ever seen in his 27 years of life.



The boy was small and delicate-looking, wrapped up in an oversized cream-colored hoodie, the long sleeves reaching and covering most of his hands. Jungkook could immediately sense that he was an omega, and suddenly his wolf became restless at the sight of him alone. The alpha noticed his incredibly beautiful and soft-looking blonde hair that was styled to mostly cover his forehead, and he allowed his eyes to drift down his soft jawline, past his perfect nose, and towards his smooth, plump lips. The last place his eyes wandered to was the boy's wide hazel eyes, which he found to be already trained intensely on his own. At the moment their gaze connected, Jungkook felt a jolt of electricity run down his spine as his wolf howled in joy. He noticed a light pink blush start to spread on the omega's soft, yet defined, cheeks and he immediately thought it was the prettiest thing he had ever seen.

He quickly realized he has allowed his eyes to linger a little too long on the student, and it took all of the alpha's power to release the omega's gaze. In a blur of movement, Jungkook found himself moving back behind the podium and turning on the monitor connected to the computer screen. His brain is fuzzy as he tried - but fails - to process what exactly the fuck just happened to him.



Never in his life had he felt such an immediate attraction to someone, let alone one his wolf seemed very eager to agree with. It was almost as if a noticeable wave of energy had passed between them when they connected their gazes, and Jungkook could still feel the tingling on his skin and down his spine as he shuffled through the files on his computer before pulling up a PowerPoint presentation to start his first lesson. He noticed that his hands are no longer steady, and could feel a rush of warmth spread through his body and down to his abdomen.

All it took was one last fleeting glance towards the blond omega in the front row and another sharp inhale of air before his brain snapped the pieces of the puzzle together at lightning speed.

The beautiful omega was most definitely the source of the irresistible scent he had been allowing his wolf to wrap itself in only moments ago,

And Jeon Jungkook was absolutely fucked.

Notes:
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed it <3 You can also come say hi to me on twitter, my new account is @jeonslegend

Chapter 3: Tutor?
Summary:
Jimin meets his new professor.

Notes:
(See the end of the chapter for notes.)

Chapter Text




Jimin fidgeted nervously in his seat for the remainder of the hour that his class lasted, unconsciously letting his gaze linger on his new professor instead of paying full attention to his notebook that laid with an almost blank page in front of him.

He simply couldn't take his eyes off of the man who was standing at the front of the room. Jimin watched intently as the alpha hovered near the projector and wrote out the steps on how to complete one of the trigonometry problems he was explaining. The omega crossed his legs and leaned his head gently on his elbow, gaze never drifting as he watched how the man's hands moved when he wrote, and how his lips curved when he spoke. He observed every little mannerism of his as he continued teaching the class, like how he flicked the hair out of his eyes every once in a while, or how his hands would tighten around the pen he was holding. This lead the blonde boy to also observe the way the alpha's muscles shifted underneath his sleeves, or how his jaw would tense and his tongue would brush ever so slightly past his lips as he concentrated on one of the longer equations he wrote out. The way his Adam's apple bobbed when he swallowed, and how his chest moved when he-

Jimin snapped out of his trance when he heard someone clear their throat pointedly next to him. He glanced to his side and met eyes with his best friend, who was staring back at him with a raised eyebrow. He watched as the other omega looked down at his paper and then back up to meet his eyes with a questioning look. Jimin compared his own blank page to that of Taehyung's, which was full of his own notes and scribbles. The blonde boy felt a blush spread across his cheeks when he met the other's eyes again. There was a knowing look in them, accompanied by a slight smirk on the corner of his mouth. Jimin knew he had been caught staring by his best friend, and he just smiled shyly before picking his pen up facing the front of the room to start "taking notes". He knew exactly what was in store for him as soon as the lecture was finished.

Jimin blinked a couple of times before directing his attention back to the monitor in the front of the room that displayed what the professor had written out for notes on it. He tried his hardest to only listen to the alpha's voice as he copied down the equations and steps, instead of allowing himself to even so much as flick his gaze down to the man. This tactic managed to work for a little while, but Jimin found himself breathing in the rich and comforting smell of coffee that was still strong in the air. He wondered briefly if everyone else was able to smell just how strong it was, and found himself slumping his shoulders at the thought of other people enjoying it to the extent that Jimin was. Why are you even thinking about that? Quit it, you just met the man. No, actually, you haven't even met him yet, Jimin's thoughts fought over each other in his head for a moment, and he quickly banished them before letting out a sigh.

He closed his eyes and rested his head back onto his hand, which was propped up by his elbow. There was no way he was going to be able to focus today, and he had accepted it. However, Jimin could not fully understand why his brain was suddenly so foggy and crammed with thoughts of the alpha, but he chalked it up to just being a weirdly-timed surge of omega hormones. Maybe his wolf was just abnormally active today.

And besides, he knew he wasn't the only one who had taken a sudden interest in the new professor. He could hear the quiet whispers every once in a while from his classmates surrounding him. It seemed as though a majority of the people in that room were quite smitten with the incredibly handsome alpha. Jimin fully understood.

Anyone with eyes would have understood.

None of that stopped Jimin from opening his eyes back up and looking right back at the front of the room. It didn't stop the impulsive thoughts of the alpha that were currently living rent-free inside of his brain, or the sudden urge to get closer to the man and bury his nose into his neck so he could fill his senses with the addicting smell. Just the mere thought of being so close to his neck, where he could run his nose along his jaw and up towards his scent gland before darting his tongue out to indulge himself in the delectable taste of strong black coffee mixed with a hit of something else he couldn't quite make out yet, had him tensing his thighs and pressing his legs together to stop any wetness that was threatening to form between them.

Jimin's heart rate slowly picked up as he noticed himself getting slightly aroused at just the thought of inhaling the alpha's scent. His mind was a frenzy and his omega was becoming restless, and he hadn't even started thinking about how strong the man's arms looked, and how he seemed like he could easily lift Jimin up and support him against the wall as he railed into him-

He let out a low whimper and immediately blushed furiously across his entire face and down his neck when he realized he had made the noise out loud and probably loud enough for his best friend to have heard it next to him. He pushed his hands into his sweatshirt sleeves before covering his cheeks with them and leaning his elbows back onto his desk. He didn't even dare any sort of glace in the direction of the brown-haired omega, and instead made it a point to go back to writing his notes out again, pretending like nothing had happened. He fumbled with his pen for a second, picking it up quickly and realizing he had grabbed it upside-down before accidentally dropping it and picking it back up again.

He heard a snort next to him and bit his bottom lip.

Smooth Jimin.

He started writing his notes again and before he knew it, the professor was finishing up the last problem and leaning back up from the papers he was slightly bent over. He smiled at the class before speaking again,

"And we can stop there for today. I don't want to drill too much into your brains in the first lesson. We did end a little early, but you are all dismissed. I'll see you on Wednesday." Professor Jeon ended with a smile and a gentle nod of his head. He looked as if he was proud of how the lesson had turned out, and Jimin thought it was cute. The omega had to admit the man did a wonderful job, and he had delivered the material and concepts perfectly. On top of that, every question from the students was met with a useful and thorough explanation- at least that is what the blond boy had gathered from what he had actually absorbed from the lecture, that is. He could tell the alpha was incredibly intelligent. He was the total package it seemed.



Jimin braced himself for the bombardment of teasing waiting for him as he pushed his notebook back into his bag and started to close it. Just as he was about to get up, he heard that charming voice again.

"Actually, before you all leave, I did have one more thing."

None of the students had left yet, and they all quieted their conversations to listen to the alpha respectfully.

"As this is my first year teaching, I have been considering hiring a tutor for this class until I have adjusted to my new schedule. I do have open office hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays, which are a great time to ask me questions on the assignments, but I am looking for another person that the students can use as an additional resource for help when I'm unavailable." There were a few whispers from students behind him, and Jimin heard a female voice saying something about how she 'hated math but would consider it this time for professor Jeon' and then some giggles from a few others. The omega rolled his eyes subtly, because he knew it wouldn't help the professor in the slightest if the person tutoring had no idea what they were doing. The alpha continued,

"By all means I want you to know you are always welcome to swing by during those office hours to ask questions, but I wanted to voice the opportunity. I have already discussed it with the school board, and it would be a paid tutoring position, with the money going towards your tuition. Please come see me if you're interested and we can hopefully work something out. That is all, thank you." The alpha finished with a kind smile before some of the students began to pack their stuff and leave the room. Jimin turned to Taehyung, but the taller boy was already looking at him with a mischievous look.

"So you're gonna do it, right?"

Jimin paused, a little taken aback, then tilted his head and quirked an eyebrow.

"What is it that I'm going to be doing, exactly?"

"You're going to offer to tutor for Professor Jeon." Taehyung was slinging his bag over his shoulder, casually looking at Jimin as if it was the most obvious answer.

Oh.

"I...am?" The blond hadn't even thought about it, simply because he had never tutored anyone before. Of course, he could probably do it well, with how easily he understood the material, but the idea never crossed his mind.

"I mean, I think you should." Taehyung looked as if he was battling over the next words he wanted to use, "You know, since you're so good at math of course. And besides, you were already planning on getting a part-time job to help pay for some expenses. It sounds kind of..." Jimin noticed as his best friend took a quick glance over to the professor, "Perfect."

Jimin let himself actually think about it for a minute. He did need to save money for rent and other bills at the apartment he and Taehyung shared, and less money being sent to the school for tuition meant more money for the rest. Jimin sighed. His best friend was absolutely right, and it would take much less time than actually going out and applying for multiple jobs at places that could potentially not even be hiring. He had thought about working at the café they frequented, but never saw any signage that notified the public that they were looking for baristas at the moment. Plus, this would allow him to come to school and go straight home after work, instead of having to make multiple trips to and from another job, school, and home. He could totally learn the material quickly and help others with it as well. It did sound perfect.

He then swept his eyes over to the alpha standing in the front of the room, who was now speaking with another student, and back to his friend. Taehyung's hands were in his pockets as he waited patiently. Jimin could tell he was hiding a smile, and that there was something the other boy wanted to say, but didn't. He just smiled instead.

"I guess that does sound like a pretty good idea."

Taehyung's eyes lit up with excitement and immediately grabbed Jimin's arm, pulling him along to the front of the room within seconds of Jimin's response.

"Perfect! Let's go talk to him."

Jimin let out a quiet yelp at the sudden tug of his arm. Then, he gulped as he realized he was about to be standing in front of the very alpha he was fantasizing about only ten minutes prior, and internally cursed at himself for giving into his friend's ideas so easily. Maybe he hadn't given himself enough time to think about any of the consequences of working so closely to his professor that he quite possibly had a thing for.

Taehyung took no time at all in leading him over to the front of the room, and before he knew it, Jimin was smacked in the face with the aroma of coffee and...and cinnamon? Jimin concluded that the other note of the delicious mix of smells was definitely cinnamon. It made the scent even more enthralling. His two favorite things.

Dammit.

The student that was talking to the professor bowed to him slightly as a farewell gesture before walking away with an apologetic smile. Jimin was left standing a couple of feet away from the alpha, and stilled at the realization that there was no longer another body to hide behind. Taehyung nudged him forward with a hand on his back, and the man in front of him looked away from the student he had been talking to before meeting eyes with the omega. Jimin noticed as the taller man straightened his posture before speaking.

"Hello there."

Jimin was at a loss for words for the first time in his life. He was usually pretty confident and at ease speaking to others, even strangers, but he definitely felt a little nervous coming face to face with someone who had such an alluring and impressive aura surrounding them. He blinked.

Jimin, you're staring.

"Hi! Hello professor. Um..." He glanced at his friend before turning back, "I- I'm actually interested in getting more information on the tutoring position you had mentioned just now."

The alpha looked a little surprised but smiled nonetheless.

"Great, of course. Have you tutored before?" His tone was kind, and Jimin noticed that he softened his voice as he spoke to him, a much different tone than he had been using while he was leading the class. It actually had a calming effect on the smaller man, and the omega allowed himself to relax his tense muscles a little bit.

"Actually...no, I haven't."  Jimin smiled sheepishly and bowed his head slightly. He hoped that he wouldn't be turned away immediately because of his lack of experience in the task in question. He added quickly, "But I really think I could. It wouldn't take me very long to learn the material ahead of time, and I have always found the subject and concepts to come easily to me." Jimin finished, not noticing the way the alpha in front of him was observing him, raising his eyebrows slightly and smiling softly.

He noticed out of the corner of his eye that his best friend was nodding in agreement, "It's true. He helps me all the time. I probably wouldn't have passed last semester's algebra without him." Taehyung chimed in enthusiastically, as if more proud of his friend's teaching skills than he was embarrassed by his own lack of knowledge in the subject. Jimin silently thanked his best friend for adding his thoughts, knowing it would help his case.

The blond watched as the larger man's smile only grew, "Actually, that's perfectly okay if you've never tutored anyone before. You sound more than qualified." Jimin felt a blush creep up his neck at the comment, and felt his heart stutter hearing it come from the alpha. He resisted the urge to let out a purr at how nice it felt, then folded his hands in front of himself, and listened as the man continued to speak.

"My scheduled office hours are on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and I am looking for someone to sit in with me and tutor on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays in the afternoon while I work on completing grading and other miscellaneous things. I will be close by to answer any questions you may need help with, I just won't be able to direct my full attention to the other students." He finished, leaning against the podium and crossing his arms. There was a questioning look on his face, "Do those days work for you?"

Jimin ripped his gaze away from where he was staring intently at the man's arms and the way they flexed as he crossed them. He sighed in relief, because yes, those days perfectly aligned with his schedule. Every Tuesday and Thursday night he had dance practice that lasted most of the evening, and he had always studied with Taehyung on the weekends.

"That's perfect." The omega let out. Taehyung was somehow always right, Jimin thought, well...except when it came to math. Then he was usually wrong.

"I'm glad to hear that." Professor Jeon grinned, his teeth peeking out from between his parted lips. Jimin wanted to squeal when he noticed the cute smile slightly made him resemble a bunny, "Let me write down my office number for you, and you can stop by on Wednesday so we can go over a few things."

Jimin nodded quickly in agreement as the alpha turned around and grabbed a piece of paper from a notepad and the pen sitting next to it. The omega's eyes drifted downward subconsciously as it was the first proper view he had of the alpha from behind.

Whew.

He was a beautiful man in all aspects, that was for sure.

Jimin couldn't believe he was letting himself get so worked up over this man, his professor. He felt a little ashamed that he couldn't keep his eyes or thoughts off of him.

His eyes shot up as the taller man turned around, and he accepted the piece of paper from his outstretched hand. His fingers lightly brushed against the alpha's skin as he grabbed it, and he felt a spark of electricity. He quickly jerked his hand away and looked away from him, not noticing how the other man had blushed slightly at the exchange. He quickly bowed his head with a quiet "Thank you" before looking to his friend and motioning for him to follow him out of the room, "I will make sure to arrive on time."

Just as he was about to leave, he heard his professor's voice speaking one last time, "Wait." Jimin turned, "I didn't catch your name."

Jimin mentally face-palmed. How did you manage to forget to introduce yourself?

"Oh! Yes, it's Jimin. Park Jimin."

The alpha smiled gently.

"I will see you on Wednesday, Jimin."



The smaller boy nodded and waved in farewell before walking out of the room with his best friend following closely behind him. There was silence for a few moments as they walked, Taehyung eventually catching up and hooking his arm around Jimin's.

"I didn't realize that I should have brought a knife today."

Jimin's eyes widened comically and his lips parted in surprise as he whipped his head sideways to look at the other man in confusion.

"Taehyungie! What are you saying?"

The taller of the two omegas shook his head and pinched Jimin's arm with a smirk.

"I'm just saying, I could have used it to cut through the sexual tension in that room." He was grinning from ear to ear and the blond couldn't believe what he was hearing, "It was pretty thick."

Jimin's face was on fire, "I don't know what you're talking about." He lied, kind of.

"Oh please, don't think I didn't notice that you were basically drooling over that alpha. I don't think I saw you look away for a second. You were in a trance. Did you even hear a word of that lecture?" He pinched Jimin's cheek.

No, not really.

" -and he had total heart eyes when looking at you, too. I almost threw up rainbows."

"Taehyung...you're just saying things. He's our professor. Why would he be looking at me like that?" Jimin couldn't help but feel a tiny bit of pride at the knowledge, and wondered if Taehyung was being serious. After all, it was very flattering, being admired by an attractive alpha. He still pushed the thought down.

"I'm just saying it was kind of entertaining. There was like some weird energy between you two." Taehyung ran his fingers through the back of Jimin's blond hair, "And it's not like he's fifty years old and married. He's hot and young. It's okay to be attracted."

Jimin knew what energy his best friend was talking about. He felt it too, but it was for the best that he didn't allow himself to let the thought consume him.

"Let's just get to class, yeah?" Jimin tickled Taehyung's side lightly and ignored the confusing feelings mixing in his brain. He didn't miss how his wolf whimpered slightly before becoming silent again.



Needless to say, Wednesday was going to be very interesting.

Notes:
If you enjoyed this, please leave a comment letting me know what you think <3

My twitter is @jeonslegend - I will be posting misc. things such as mood boards, visuals, and updates. Come say hello!

Chapter 4: Electric
Summary:
Jungkook and Jimin are whipped. Their friends notice.

Notes:
Thank you to everyone who has left a kudos or comment on this fic so far, you have no idea how much I appreciate them <3 it's amazing motivation for me, and I love hearing your thoughts.

note: there is a small time jump in this chapter (only a day) and a POV switch from Jungkook to Jimin, just a heads up

I will notify time jumps with a '...' from here on out

enjoy~

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text


Jungkook clinked his glass against the other alpha's sitting across from him before bringing the rim up to his lips and taking a sip of his beer. The alpha finally allowed himself to sit back and relax from the long day as the amber-colored liquid hit his tongue.

"Damn Jeon, twenty-seven looks good on you". The dark-blond-haired alpha chuckled.

"You said that when I turned twenty-six, Joon," Jungkook smirked before trailing his eyes over towards his taller friend, Namjoon. He and the man were alone at a table at one of their favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants. There was no one else occupying the place besides the waitress that had taken their order and one person making food behind the counter. Understandably, none of his other friends could make it out to celebrate his birthday on such short notice. It was almost better this way, he thought, as Jungkook was exhausted from his first full day teaching and craved a quiet environment.



Namjoon was one of his best friends, and has been for a while. Jungkook had met the man all the way back in middle school, and was instantly drawn to him when he noticed the tall, lanky boy defending a newly-presented beta girl that was getting bullied by a group of alphas in the hallway. The two of them grew together through middle and high school, joining the same clubs and taking most of the same classes. Their parents even saw the two as brothers, and Jungkook definitely looked up to the other alpha as a role model in some ways, even if he was the same age. The man had an incredibly kind heart and was very knowledgeable and scholarly in ways similar to Jungkook. The two of them were the perfect team, and Jungkook was incredibly thankful to still be good friends with him even though they had chosen to attend different universities and had picked different career paths. The blond alpha had gone to school at a nice university in Incheon to study biology, and got a job in Seoul as a botanist. The man loved nature, and frequently spent his time doing fieldwork in different cities. Jungkook was relieved to be able to catch him on one of his days off so they could go out for his birthday and grab their favorite bonding food, fried chicken and beer.

Namjoon bumped Jungkook's shoulder with his hand before grabbing a piece of breaded chicken from the plate settled on the small table between them, "And I'm going to say it every year. You're aging way better than any of my other friends." His handsome friend laughed with a wide smile on his face.

Jungkook just shook his head with a smirk at the other man's comment and took another sip of his cold drink, sighing.

His friend noticed the quiet exhale, and fully faced himself towards the raven-haired alpha.

"It's true. You're a total catch, and it still makes no sense to me as to how or why you haven't snatched yourself a mate yet."

Junkook raised an eyebrow and brought a piece of food up to his lips, taking a bite. He chewed the meat in thought before swallowing and explaining, "I haven't had time. I mean, I just finished my thesis and spent all of my energy this past year student-teaching and applying for jobs. And you know me." He finished, knowing his friend would catch onto what he was implying by the last sentence.

"Ah, right. I keep forgetting you're Dr. Jeon now," he said, grinning, "And I forgot that you're still waiting on 'the one'". Namjoon leaned back in his seat and stared into his drink before taking a sip.

Jungkook knew that the blond had always been skeptical of the idea of 'soulmates', or the idea that there was one person out there that would be the perfect match for both a person and their wolf. His own parents had not met in such a way, and did not raise their son with the idea that such an intense kind of bond was common.

They weren't completely wrong, either. After all, it didn't always happen, and many people fell in love and stayed in love happily, mating, and having a family together despite the fact. It was just something Jungkook had hoped to find since he saw how beautiful the bond was between his own parents. Of course, he wouldn't have let the idea hold him back forever though, but none of his past relationships had worked out anyways, so he allowed himself to keep searching.



His wolf, on the other hand, knew that he had already found the one, even if the man hadn't allowed himself to realize it just yet.



That's not to say he was totally oblivious, however. Jungkook did have a feeling, and it had bloomed the second he met gazes with a certain pair of beautiful hazel eyes. The feeling was nothing like anything he had felt before. It had consumed him whole, settling into every last bone, nerve, and muscle in his body before taking root in his soul. He felt it again when he accidentally brushed his hand against the omega's own. It was electric.

Not to mention those same hazel eyes had not left his thoughts since the moment he saw them, either. The omega was, quite honestly, all Jungkook could think about. Every aspect of the beautiful blond boy had been enthralling, and the alpha's attraction only intensified when he had the pleasure to hear the smaller man speak. His slightly higher-pitched voice sounded like honey to the alpha, and he never wanted to stop listening to the words that he spoke, or watching as his soft-looking, thick lips wrapped around every syllable.

The alpha was also enamored with the shy yet simultaneously confident demeanor the boy had, and he especially loved how pretty his cheeks became when he had blushed slightly.



He still couldn't believe that it was that very same omega who had approached him to inquire about the tutoring position that morning. The alpha had immediately given the job to the small blond boy, not even allowing himself to think twice about it. There were a few other students who had asked about the position, but he had declined any inquiries after speaking to the beautiful boy. While the alpha did feel a little bit guilty for making such a hasty decision and not considering the other candidates, Jungkook could tell the omega was cut out for it. It just felt right.

He almost thanked his lucky stars that things had worked out that way. Or was it the shoes...

Either way, his wolf was thrilled.

But Jungkook himself was torn. He too was thrilled, but he knew that perhaps he definitely shouldn't be having such thoughts about one of his students. He just couldn't help it. The alpha knew a beautiful omega when he saw one, and the boy, Jimin, was next-level beautiful.

Jungkook had ultimately decided he wouldn't allow himself to act on his attraction, of course, knowing it could jeopardize his job and give him a bad reputation.

But there was no harm in just admiring, right? He tried to convince himself, and hoped he would be able to control his alpha around the omega the next time he saw him.



He broke himself out of his overflowing waterfall of Jimin-central thoughts to answer his friend's statement about him looking for 'the one'.

"Well..." Jungkook found himself hesitating, and he knew he had made the mistake of taking too long to answer before Namjoon shot his eyes back over to him.

"Well? Is there something else you're not telling me?"

Jungkook tilted his head down, a little bashful at his own loss of words. He then sighed and decided to just be completely honest with his friend, who he knew could see right through him anyway.

"Well, maybe there is someone I'm interested in. An omega." He left it at that, not wanting to give away too much information.

Namjoon grinned, "Oh yeah?" He crossed his arms and leaned back, "I want to hear about the omega that has managed to pique my brother's interest, then."

Jungkook let out a chuckle, and decided he might as well indulge his friend. He knew he could always feel comfortable spilling his feelings, or gossiping about miscellaneous things with Namjoon. They always talked about things like this together without judging the other, and Jungkook secretly loved it.

"Well the omega is a he, and he's just...he's gorgeous, Joon." The corners of his mouth started to curve upwards as he spoke, "Like I almost couldn't believe my eyes when I saw him. I'm pretty sure I've never seen someone so beautiful in my life. It was kind of like time stopped, you know?" He was rambling at this point, but he knew his friend was patiently listening, "And he also just has this scent that is so addicting and, and calming? I felt both calm and excited when I smelled him, and it almost made it impossible to focus on talking to him, like it put me in a trance. He smelled like vanilla, and I think maybe marshmallows? It was sweet but also so nice and light, and it knocked the air out of my lungs, in a good way," he chuckled, not noticing his friend's amused look, "Don't even get me started on his eyes." Jungkook was full-on grinning now, but it faltered as he finished his speech, "But I don't think anything will, or should I say, can happen there."

Namjoon had kept the amused look on his face the entire time, but a wave of confusion washed over it at that last part.

"And why the hell not?" The other alpha clapped him on the shoulder with his strong arm, looking incredulous, "You're Jeon fucking Jungkook. You're an incredibly attractive and intelligent alpha. Anybody would be beyond lucky to have you as their mate, so what's stopping you?"

Jungkook just blushed slightly at the praise, and wrapped his hand around his glass of alcohol, "Well, first of all, he is probably the most beautiful man I've ever seen. Like, Gods and Goddesses would be ashamed to be in his presence, that's the level of beauty we're talking about. I don't think anybody would be worthy of seeing it every day. And..." the alpha brought his glass up to his lips, not knowing if he should finish his sentence.

Namjoon was a little impatient now, "And?"

Jungkook swallowed a large gulp of his beer before setting the glass down, now empty.

"And he's my student."

The blond was slightly taken aback, eyebrows shooting up and mouth forming into a silent 'oh'. There were a few moments of silence, and Jungkook noticed the metaphorical gears turning inside the man's head. He briefly wondered if his friend would think any less of him for his admission. Instead, the taller man let out a small question,

"So?"



Jungkook just blinked, confused, "So? So what?"

Namjoon gave him a look, "Yes, exactly. So what?"

Jungkook flicked his black hair out of his face as he tilted his head to the side, a lost look in his eyes. He had no idea what the man across from him was implying. Namjoon continued, noticing that his friend looked like a confused puppy.

"He is your student, okay. So what? Is that what is stopping you from considering him, just the fact that he is your student?"

The answer was obvious to Jungkook, and he wondered if Namjoon just didn't understand.

"Yes."

Namjoon nodded, pausing to consider his next words, "Okay. That's fair. But can I tell you what I think?"

Jungkook leaned back in his chair, extending his legs and crossing them along with his arms, sighing tiredly, "Of course." He was curious about the taller man's thoughts, and trusted his best friend, who was pretty much a brother to him. Namjoon had always given intelligent and well-thought-out advice. His opinion mattered more to Jungkook than anyone else's did.

"Okay. Well, I think you're a wickedly smart man Jungkook, and I know you're very responsible, sometimes excruciatingly-so." Jungkook nodded, knowing he didn't mean it as an insult, and that it was true. Namjoon continued, "And as someone who has known you since you presented as an alpha, I also know that I've never heard you speak about someone in the way you just spoke about that omega. What was his name again?"

"Jimin." He allowed himself to answer, smiling slightly.

"The way you just spoke about Jimin. You became an entirely different man, Jungkook. A side of you I've never seen before."

He raised his eyebrows slightly, considering his friend's words as he continued,

"I know that you know how you feel, and what you and your wolf want more than I do. And I think that you should not ignore those feelings." He spoke reassuringly.

Jungkook remembered how excited his wolf had been that morning, and how it had howled for Jimin in a way the alpha had never experienced before.

Namjoon wasn't done, however, "You're an adult and so is he. The age difference isn't alarming, and if he wasn't your student I know you wouldn't even see this as a problem." He paused, explaining himself a little further, "Now I'm not saying you should have a public relationship with him and start shoving your tongue down his throat in the hallways, but maybe when the semester is over and he isn't in your class anymore you could try approaching him in private. You know, try courting him." He finished softly. Jungkook let himself consider the idea for a second.

"If he makes you smile like how you were before, then he's already worth it in my opinion. Just think about it, yeah?"

Jungkook was blown away by his friend's support, slightly surprised that he had encouraged him to pursue his student without much hesitation.

A smile tugged at his lips at the thought of courting the beautiful blond omega.

"I'll think about it." He said, watching as Namjoon grinned in a way that made his eyes disappear into crescents and allowed his dimples to form on his cheeks. The taller alpha finished his drink and stood up, placing the money for the bill along with a generous tip on the table. He turned towards the black-haired man.

"Great. Now let's get you home so you can be well-rested for your big boy job tomorrow."

Jungkook let out a genuine, happy laugh at that and wrapped his arm around the other's shoulder as they left the restaurant.



That night, as Jungkook settled down into his bed to sleep, he did in fact let himself think about it like he said he would. The alpha allowed himself to fully relax every tense muscle, and he fell asleep with the most blissful smile on his face, the last thing he remembered seeing being those hazel eyes.





...





"Again, from the top."

Jimin sighed deeply, hands resting on his hips as he threw his head back and closed his eyes. The omega shook his hair off of the sweat that was forming on his forehead and tiredly strolled over to the other side of the room to get back into position. As he lifted his hands up into the starting position, breathing heavily, the beta man in the corner of the room spoke up.

"Actually, why don't you guys take a 15-minute break before we go through it again. You all look exhausted, and we should probably work on building our stamina back up instead of throwing too much at you right away." He finished. The beta was Jimin and Hoseok's dance instructor, Yunho.

The omega heard a chorus of appreciative sounds from the other dancers at the decision, and Jimin immediately went to go sit next to his best friend on one of the benches.

It was Tuesday evening and the first dance practice of the semester. Jimin found himself exhausted as it neared the end, the sun already setting outside of the studio window. They had already been there for hours, and usually, the long lessons were never an issue, but he knew Yunho had been right about them needing to build up their stamina after their two-month-long break from the choreography. He leaned his head against the wall behind him and grabbed the water bottle from Taehyung's outstretched hand.

"Here, I have a headband for you, too." The brown-haired boy spoke as he dug his hand into the pocket of his bag to hand the item to the smaller of the two.

"You're my lifesaver, you know that?" Jimin half-smiled tiredly as he slid the headband onto his neck and then up his face to push his hair back.

He was incredibly thankful at that moment that his best friend was there to watch him. Taehyung always said he loved tagging along to Jimin's dance practices because he got too bored at home when he was alone in their apartment. He also came because he thought it was so incredible how well Jimin could dance, and was always in awe where he watched from the side. Sometimes he would keep himself busy with a book or his sketch pad, or even homework. Jimin had to admit he loved it when he would occasionally cheer him on from the sidelines anytime the blond would nail a complicated move or bend his body in ways that looked painful.

"Of course, we are nothing without each other," Taehyung said with a hand over his heart, a little dramatically. Jimin just elbowed him playfully as another man skipped over to the two omegas and plopped down on the floor facing them.

"Wow, I was worried we were going to pass out if he didn't give us a break."

Jimin smiled at the welcome presence of his other best friend, Hoseok. The beta carried an energetic expression on his face as he continued with a breathy laugh,

"This choreography is kicking my ass. I'm so glad he picked you for the main flip, Jimin-ah. I can do many things with my body, but not that. I think it works because you're smaller. No offense though, it's cute." The chestnut-haired man rambled as he took a bite out of his banana, "You're also more flexible, and your core strength is no joke. You need to bring me to your workouts from now on."

"Well, I don't even work out that much. It mostly comes naturally to me from dancing for so long." Jimin blushed a little, as he didn't want to sound like he was bragging.

However, the omega next to him decided to brag for him, "Yeah, and it's not fair. Not to mention his ass is god-tier. Jiminie is just gifted."

The blond chuckled a little at that. He would never admit it to anyone, but he knew the first part of what his friend said was true. While he had his insecurities, his ass was not one of them. He had been told many times by many people that it was nice, but he never let it get to his head. It was simply just one of the things he liked about his body.

He did have his insecurities though, such as thinking that maybe he was too small, or too weak. Those insecurities, however, stemmed from past comments that he hadn't forgotten about, even though he desperately tried to. Most of the jabs had come from his ex-boyfriend and random family friends growing up, and no matter how many times Taehyung and Hoseok had insisted that 'it was cute' and that 'there was nothing to worry about', he couldn't help but wish he was maybe a little taller, or slightly broader, like his friends. He wasn't even that small, but it was something that had been thrown at him too many times to count.

He had to admit his smaller frame came in handy when he danced though, because as Hoseok had mentioned, it allowed him to move his body in ways other people could not because he had a different center of gravity. However, Jimin didn't want to be seen as weak. He had heard it enough times growing up, and in the back of his mind, he knew it wasn't at all true. He considered himself to be strong mentally and physically.

And he definitely shouldn't care about what his scum-of-the-Earth ex-boyfriend thought of him anyways, but sometimes he couldn't help it.

Jimin snapped his head back up when he heard a question being directed to him from the man who was still sitting in front of him, finishing his fruit.

"Jimin-ah, you seem a little distracted today. What's going on inside of that pretty head of yours, hm?" The beta reached out to rub his knee and thigh to comfort him. This was normal behavior for the beta, and Jimin loved how naturally caring and affectionate his friend was. He was just one of those people that could make anyone feel at ease and happy when he was around. Jimin liked to call him his sunshine.

Before he could speak, Taehyung piped up.

"Oh, he's probably just thinking about our hot new professor that he has a massive crush on."

Hoseok looked at Jimin in a playfully shocked manor and squeezed his knee, "Really, Jiminie? Wait, what professor? Do I know of them?"

Jimin tried to ignore Hoseok's questions and didn't hesitate before he smacked Taehyung's shoulder as his face turned red, "Yah! Not true." He lied.

The thing is, it was absolutely true. The alpha had been on his mind. Constantly. For the past day and a half.

His brain had been consumed with thoughts of the professor at all hours of the day, including when he was trying to fall asleep last night, and just now while he had been dancing. He had thought about his sparkling brown eyes, his strong-looking neck and arms, his soothing voice, his scent-

Jimin held back a moan at the thought. His scent. The very scent he imagined as he savored his coffee that morning. The one that put the smell of the warm cinnamon baked goods sitting on the cafe shelves to shame. He was only a little ashamed when he realized how badly he wanted to inhale it again.

He didn't want to admit that to his best friend though.

Especially since Jimin had already asked the other omega if he had noticed how strong the alpha's scent was the day before, and the boy had assured him that he never even smelled the man until they were standing right next to him. Taehyung didn't particularly like the smell, either. Jimin thought he must have been going crazy.

Taehyung gave him a knowing look that said 'oh, really ?' but didn't comment again.

"I'm just maybe a little nervous for tomorrow. I start tutoring and I've never done it before," that part wasn't a lie, "That's all."

"Ah, well. I know you'll do great Jimin-ah. You always do!" Hoseok was full-on hugging him now, and the man's warm cheek was squished up against his own. Jimin smiled ear-to-ear as Taehyung also wrapped his arms around the two of them, sandwiching the blond boy in the middle.

"Our Jiminie is going to love tutoring, just watch."

Jimin ignored the suggestive tone in his friend's voice, and the two men let go of him as their instructor spoke up,

"Alright, let's run through the song a couple more times before we get you guys out of here."

Jimin and Hoseok both stood before scurrying off to get back into their starting positions. The omega took a long, deep breath and tried to focus on the steady melody of the music instead of a certain handsome alpha that he'd be meeting with the next day.

Notes:
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed this chapter <3 and don't hesitate to come say hi to me on twitter @jeonslegend :)

Chapter 5: Tension
Summary:
Jungkook begins to fight a losing battle with temptation...

Notes:
Thank you again to anyone who is giving this story a chance and especially to those who have left kudos/comments <3 It has reached 100 kudos and I think that is so cool, I hope you continue to enjoy the story!
Please if you have any feedback, don't be afraid to leave it. I love to hear your thoughts...it makes my day

thank you <33

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Wednesday





Jungkook flipped the switch of the projector to turn it off before pivoting towards his class.

"I hope that wasn't too much for today. Calculus can be pretty tricky to get the hang of, but please remember I am always here to answer any questions if you have them." He finished with an apologetic smile, then grinned widely, "I will see you all on Friday so we can start going over derivatives."

The alpha couldn't help but be a little excited for the next lesson, but heard a few groans at the idea of a new topic. He could understand. It was his last class of the day, a 4 p.m. calculus lecture, and he noticed that most of the students had already looked exhausted. He felt for them, remembering just how tiring it was having fully-scheduled days of back-to-back classes. It especially didn't help that they were trying to cram complicated upper-level math concepts into their brains after long hours of learning. Jungkook could tell some of them had already checked out for the day when they had walked in and took their seats with an empty gaze. He hoped they would feel comfortable enough to reach out to him if they needed help, not wanting to see any of them struggling alone.

He waited at the front of the room, leaning slightly against his podium with his hands in the pockets of his black slacks, smiling kindly at the students as they threw their bags over their shoulders and shuffled out of the room. A few of them nodded at him and a couple of omega girls returned his smile before ducking their heads shyly. The alpha had noticed again that at times some of his students would whisper under their breath to each other as they passed by, or while they sat waiting for him to begin his lectures. Jungkook just smirked and shook his head at the thought, remembering his best friend's comments about his attractiveness from the night before. He wasn't going to let it get to his head, but it was flattering. Even if the attention wasn't coming from the one student he wished it was. The alpha chastised himself at the thought, don't even go there, Jeon.

After the last of the students had filtered out of the lecture hall, Jungkook packed up his own things and exited the room before making a beeline to his office that was in one of the adjacent hallways. Once he reached the door, he smiled as he peered into the room.

He was thankful that he had been given his own office right off the bat, as a few had been vacated by previous professors who had retired the semester before. Jungkook had been pleasantly surprised when he walked into it for the first time a few weeks ago, not realizing just how nice the room was going to be. He especially loved the sturdy, dark oak desk and bookshelves and the large window that let in a steady stream of natural sunlight, which slowly faded to the beautiful orange glow of dusk near the end of the day. He had been influenced by Namjoon to place a few green plants along with some of his own photography around the room and on the shelves. The alpha was pleased with the space he had created for himself, trying to make the transition into his new job as comfortable as possible. It looked welcoming and Jungkook knew he wanted a nice environment to spend countless hours grading, typing, and planning in.

The alpha walked over his desk, taking a seat in his cushioned black office chair and slinging his bag to lean up against the wall behind him. He spun around and reached up to wiggle the knot of his black tie, slightly loosening it so he could breathe a little easier. As he turned towards his desk-top computer to dive into the work he needed to get done, he glanced at the time in the corner of the screen and stilled.

4:54 p.m.

His heart sped up as he realized how quickly the day had flown by him, and how he only had about five more minutes until he would be meeting with a certain golden-haired omega. The alpha had written 5 p.m. as their meeting time on the small piece of paper that had given the student, and Jungkook momentarily wished he had planned it so he could have adequate time to prepare himself.

Of course, he shouldn't need more time to prepare himself, because this was just going to be a nice meeting with one of his students. He should definitely be treating the situation normally.

However, after countless efforts at trying to convince himself, Jungkook had caved in and admitted that it was not a normal situation. Not at all. He realized this the second the beautiful omega had walked through the door of his classroom that morning, wearing a pair of well-fitting light wash skinny jeans and a powder blue long-sleeve top that showed off his delicate collar bones. The alpha had gotten a strong whiff of his scent and the first real view of his backside as he walked to his seat, and Jungkook had groaned internally at the sight. He had felt like a teenager, getting half-hard at just the sight of a nice ass and thick thighs. However, that paired with the omega's slim waist and godly proportions had left the alpha weak at the knees for the entirety of the lesson.

He would never admit to anyone how often he had stolen glances over to the omega while he knew his students were busy taking notes, or how he had run his eyes up the long length of his crossed legs, or along the expanse of the pale, soft-looking, and most importantly, unmarked column of his small neck.

Jungkook had almost slipped, though. The boy had walked in beside a taller omega that he recognized to be the same one who had pushed the blond over to meet him a few days prior. Jungkook had briefly linked gazes with the smaller man's friend while performing one of his routine eye-sweeps of the room during his lecture, and almost stuttered his speech at the intense look that had shone through in the omega's dark eyes. The alpha slightly panicked, wondering if the boy had caught onto his inappropriate habit of frequently checking out his friend.

He probably hadn't, but Jungkook still decided that he needed to be more careful.



The alpha brought himself back to the present and ran a hand through his neatly-styled hair absentmindedly, cursing under his breath when he realized he had probably messed it up. He leaned over to check himself in the reflection of the monitor and was pleased to see that the slightly unkempt style of his dark locks didn't look all that bad. Instead of worrying about his hair for too long, he forced himself to focus on something else, ultimately deciding on setting up the materials that he had prepared for the student.

He spun around in his chair and bent over to dig through the black bag for his planner and neatly-organized folders, eyebrows furrowing in deep thought as he tried to find the one he had already assembled neatly for the omega. The alpha let out a small noise of satisfaction when he found it.

He was in the middle of skimming his eyes over the papers in his hands when a knock on his office door startled him out of his thoughts.

Jungkook quickly turned and widened his eyes at the sight of the man he had just been daydreaming about, who was now standing in the doorway. The alpha noticed that the golden-haired boy was waiting politely, hands folded in a ball in front of himself, for Jungkook to welcome him into the office. He thought it was an endearing sight.

The alpha tried to quickly collect himself before speaking,

"Hey! Jimin, come on in," Jungkook motioned towards one of the cushioned wooden chairs on the other side of his desk as he straightened his posture and stood up out of respect. Jungkook took a deep breath when he realized his heart rate had once again increased. Easy there, boy.

Jimin just smiled softly before walking gracefully over to the seat and sitting down. Jungkook quickly followed.

"Good afternoon, Professor," he spoke, his melodic voice sending a shiver down the larger man's spine, "I wasn't quite sure if I needed to bring anything for today, since you mentioned we would just be going over a few things."

Jungkook eyed the omega, watching as he brushed a piece of his golden hair behind his ear as he finished voicing his thoughts.

The alpha grinned, "No worries, Jimin," Jungkook forced himself to look away from the beautiful being sitting across from him so he could gather some of the papers on his desk, "I have a few things that I've already put together for you, and some resources that I think will help you organize your thoughts," The alpha picked out a sheet from the stack and placed it in front of the omega.

Jungkook noticed how Jimin's eyes followed his hand when he drew it away, and continued, "Here is a list of the students in the class and their school emails in case you need to contact them once you start tutoring. You and I can work together in scheduling times to meet with them as they contact me." He finished, looking towards the omega to gauge his reaction to the information.

The fair-skinned boy bit his bottom lip in thought- an action that definitely did not go unnoticed by Jungkook - before inquiring, "Okay, that's easy enough. And where will I be tutoring them?"

Jungkook looked up and connected their gazes, pausing, not wanting to sound too eager at his suggestion,

"I was thinking it would be...easier if you met with them here in my office. If you'd like. There is plenty of room, and I would be available to help you with any questions you may not be able to answer..." Jungkook watched as Jimin raked his eyes over the large desk in front of him, and the second cushioned chair placed off to the side.

"...or, we can find another spot for you to meet with them if that makes you more comfortable. Whichever you prefer." Jungkook finished, wanting to give the omega a choice.

Jimin's hazel eyes widened a little bit before hurrying to answer, "Oh no, this will be fine. We can do it here."

Jungkook's eyebrows rose at the phrasing 'do it here' and carefully watched as Jimin ran his small, pale hand over the dark wooden surface of the desk. His brain uncontrollably wandered to the things he could definitely imagine the two of them doing on his desk, and before he could stop himself, visions started pouring into his brain. Such as the smaller man naked, sitting in front of him on the edge of the desk, long legs spread apart as the alpha nestled his face between them, pleasuring him. Or of the omega facing away from him, fully presented as he pleaded for the alpha to take him from behind and claim him.

Jungkook had to break himself out of his reverie, to stop himself from thinking of such scenarios before the arousal became too apparent in his own scent, not wanting to create any awkward tension in the room or give away the idea that he had been thinking such inappropriate thoughts with his student only a meter away.

But as he looked back up towards the beautiful omega, he had a sinking feeling that it was a little too late for that.

The alpha noticed that Jimin was blushing, now refusing to make eye-contact. Jungkook berated himself in his head, having failed at controlling his racing hormones like he was previously worried he might. While the alpha had usually always been able to control his thoughts and urges, things were much more difficult around the blond, especially now that he was sitting a mere few feet from him. The alpha almost couldn't believe just how excited his wolf was becoming, or how intense his feelings of attraction for Jimin truly were, but he did know that he needed to control those urges at least for the time being.



Jungkook was almost ready to accept his fate, preparing himself for the omega to become uncomfortable and run away to tell everyone that his new professor was a total creep.

He closed his eyes and inhaled, wondering how he could apologize to his own student for how inappropriate he felt he was acting.

But Jungkook's eyes suddenly snapped back open at the smell that hit him like a punch to the throat. The once light and soft vanilla scent in the air was now a little heavier, a little thicker, and much more indulgent. The alpha's chocolate brown eyes met with a pair of warm hazel ones, their gazes mixing together and creating the perfect harmony of electricity and intensity. Jungkook could feel the energy between them, and his wolf was once again becoming incredibly restless at the sudden shift in the atmosphere. The alphas instincts were threatening to completely take over.

The omega's lips were now parted slightly, and Jungkook couldn't help but trail his gaze from Jimin's slightly hooded eyes down to admire them. A rush of heat settled into his gut at the sight of the omega's perfectly pink and plush lips.

Jungkook had to admit he had already envisioned what they would feel like pressed against his own, or how they would look as the blond moved and sucked down his body, kiss-swollen and shining with saliva. He had also pictured just how sexy the omega would look with messy hair and flushed cheeks, darting his tongue out to lick up the alpha's length before letting his perfect pink lips stretch over the tip of his cock. He held back a growl at the thought.

There was definitely a new tension in the room that hadn't been there before, and he knew that he wasn't just imagining it. Jimin looked as though he was in a slight trance, and the alpha wondered what kind of thoughts were running through his mind to make his scent sweeten in such a way, or if his wolf was just responding to the larger man's. Either way, it was intoxicating. Jungkook almost said 'fuck it' before throwing all caution to the wind so he could walk around to the other side of his desk and drop to his knees to beg to court the beautiful man that very second, instead of waiting as he had originally planned.

His wolf whimpered, miserable at the fact that he was still so far away from Jimin, even if the blond boy was only a desk's width away. The alpha knew he needed to reign it in before he lost himself to the restless feeling and succumbed to his wolf's needs.

Jungkook compelled himself to push his alpha down, realizing he needed to get the situation back on track before it was too late and he snapped. He cleared his throat and ripped his eyes away from Jimin. The alpha tried his hardest to gather the materials in front of him with steady hands before reaching them out and placing them in front of the omega.

The two men had a hard time looking at each other after their wordless interaction, but he still needed to finish their meeting in a timely manner. This was supposed to be quick, after all, and Jungkook knew he'd have a hard time focusing any longer with his raging erection that was thankfully hidden behind the desk.

"If you'd like, we can start tutoring on Friday if there is enough interest from anyone in the class," Jungkook's voice was a little deeper than before.

The alpha noticed as Jimin let out a quiet but long breath that he must have been holding. The blond nodded in approval, before nervously gathering his things, including the stack of papers, and standing up. It seemed like he was prepared to leave, but he spoke anyway,

"Thank you, Professor Jeon. Friday it is. I will be seeing you then," the omega let out, a bit rushed. Jungkook noticed that his voice was slightly more airy than before.

He watched as the petite boy turned to leave, taking a few steps towards the door.



"Ah...Jimin."

Jimin turned back towards the raven-haired man slightly, waiting.

"Since we will be working so closely together for the next few months...you can just call me Jungkook," the words were out of his mouth before he couldn't even register what he was saying.

The omega's eyes widened at that, but the corner of his lips tugged upwards in what was the beginning of a smile before nodding and walking the remaining distance towards the door. He paused before he crossed the threshold, turning again,

"Okay. Professor Jungkook it is then." Jimin answered, lips finishing their journey into a playful smile.

The alpha let out a small laugh at the slightly teasing tone, thankful the tension in the room had dissipated slightly. Jimin gave a small wave, gripping the strap of his bag and clutching his papers to his chest. He spun around one last time before disappearing into the hallway.



Jungkook leaned back in his chair, shaking his head in disbelief.

Not even in his wildest dreams could he have imagined this circumstance would be upon him. And he definitely had no idea how he was going to be able to survive it for an entire semester.

Notes:
Please leave a comment if you enjoyed <3

my twitter: @jeonslegend

Chapter 6: Want
Summary:
Jimin and Taehyung talk about their love(??) lives, and they have a visitor.

Notes:
I updated the tags for this chapter and some later chapters because there is some mention of past verbal abuse. I will not go into much detail, but I wanted to mention it just in case. thank you all sooo so much for reading <3

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Thursday



It was late afternoon when Jimin found himself in his apartment snuggled up on the couch with his best friend, half paying attention to the sappy drama that was playing out on the screen in front of them. The omega had been sitting there, wrapped in a few cozy blankets, daydreaming about various things., one of them being the events of the previous day. He had yet to tell Taehyung about what happened, and wasn't quite sure if he should.

"Jiminie, what do you think?"

Jimin blinked out of his thoughts and craned his head to where Taehyung had his sketch pad nestled in his lap to take a peek at the younger's drawing. He smiled fondly. The brunet omega had a passion for all things art-related, starting since they were little kids. Over the years, the man had spent countless hours drawing and painting, saying it never failed to relax him. With practice he had eventually developed an incredible talent for accurately depicting anatomy and realism, being able to draw people almost exactly how he saw them. Their apartment was littered with paintings and framed pieces that the younger omega had made, and Jimin adored his friend's art. He found himself staring in awe once again at his abilities.

"It's really nice Taehyungie...but whose lips are those?" Jimin questioned with an upturned eyebrow.

Taehyung's eyes widened slightly, "Oh, n-no one in particular."

Jimin didn't believe him for a second, he knew his best friend, his soulmate, better than that.

"Oh come on, I know you don't just draw random body parts without being inspired first," Jimin was smirking, "Does my Taehyungie have a crush?"

A little hint of redness formed near the tip of the taller omega's ears, and said boy placed his sketchpad and pencil down onto the coffee table before crawling over to get closer to the blond.

"Well....okay fine. Maybe there is this guy."

Jimin clapped his hands excitedly with a squeal at the chance to hear about his best friend's mystery man, prepared to gossip, "Really?"

Taehyung nodded in approval, so Jimin continued, "Okay okay, so spill. Tell me everything about him! No secrets between us, who is it? Do I know them?"

Taehyung just giggled at the blonde's cute antics before resting his head on his shoulder, "I don't think so. He's in my advanced music theory class, and I think he's a senior or something. I've never seen him before this year, and I really haven't even spoken to him yet...but he's so hot."

Jimin giggled at that, "Is he an alpha? A beta?" He ran his fingers through Taehyung's hair, "An omega?"

The brunette shook his head, "No, he's an alpha."

Jimin hummed, tangling his fingers in a handful of chocolate locks, "Do you know his name yet?"

"Hmm, not yet, but I was planning on asking him to be in my group for the first project coming up," Taehyung was smiling now, "He seems really intelligent, too, so it would be a win-win if he accepts."

The blond omega repositioned himself to allow Taehyung to snuggle closer into his nest of blankets before wrapping his arms around the taller boy's waist so they could properly cuddle. Jimin immediately takes the opportunity to bury his nose in his friend's neck, inhaling the familiar caramel scent before muttering, "Go on, I know you want to tell me more about him."

Jimin felt a rumble of laughter in Taehyung's chest before the taller continued, "He just seems so cool, and mature. I got a whiff of his scent today, too. Sandalwood. My mouth watered it was so nice, I want to steal one of his sweatshirts and never give it back."

A giggle bubbled up Jimin's throat as he squeezed his arms around the boy's ribs, "But you'd have to eventually, otherwise it would stop smelling like him."

Taehyung paused, thinking for a few seconds, "No, actually I would just keep stealing more of them. Make my whole nest out of them and whatnot."

Jimin laughed at his playfully serious tone. He brushed his nose across his cheek, casually scenting him, "I definitely want to meet this guy now. You're in full-on crush mode, Tae."

A bittersweet smile spread across his face, "Yeah...maybe I am. We'll just have to see, though. I hope he's not like other guys."

Jimin knew exactly what he meant, and his mind briefly flickered to thoughts of his ex-boyfriend, a prime example of the 'other guys' Taehyung was talking about. He tightened his hold on the younger as he remembered how horrible the alpha had been to him. Since then, Jimin had been cautious around most alphas, or any man in general, that took a liking to him. He never allowed himself to be scared, however, just cautious, but he knew he would never want his best friend to ever experience that kind of relationship.

Jimin was also very protective of the people he loved, especially Taehyung, but he wanted more than anything for the man to find his special someone.

"I think you should definitely go for it, meet him at least. He seems like a winner." Jimin let out.

"Oh I definitely will, I'm not missing out on a chance with someone that pretty." The taller man's boxy smile returned.

Jimin's heart was bursting at the seams, knowing it was very rare for his best friend to develop such feelings for someone so suddenly. Taehyung was a very independent and passionate person, and often did not spare a glance at anyone he didn't think was suitable enough to be a long-lasting partner. The younger loved romance, and always dreamed about finding his perfect match, but he had incredibly high standards and mostly avoided the steady flow of potential suitors that approached him. Jimin fully understood that train of thought, knowing first hand how men their age were mostly only interested in sex and partying. But not Taehyung; Taehyung was an old-fashioned romantic, and like Jimin, he was interested in waiting to find someone a little more mature and level-headed. The man deserved someone who was passionate like he was. Someone who could appreciate the finer things in life, instead of only having an interest in drugs, money and alcohol like a hefty chunk of college-age kids did.

Jimin still had to approve of them first, of course. Just soulmate things.



The blond boy took the opportunity to bring his best friend into a spine-crushing hug while kissing his cheek, wanting the other omega to know he was happy for him.



Just then, Jimin heard a soft knock at the door of their apartment, and he shot his head up at the unexpected sound. He noticed Taehyung shift underneath him, and the two looked at each other in confusion. Their tender moment seemed to end there. Taehyung spoke quietly,

"Did you invite someone over, Jiminie?"

Jimin just shook his head slowly, "No, did you?"

Taehyung's brows furrowed, confusion intensifying, "No, I definitely didn't."

"Then who.." Jimin drifted off in thought. It was getting later in the evening now, and there was no reason for anyone to be stopping by. All of their neighbors were probably already getting ready to sleep, and no one else really had their address besides a few of their friends. Jimin noticed a small tinge of fear in other omega's scent, and he squeezed him, knowing how Taehyung had always been a little worried to live alone in instances like this since the two of them were both omegas.

It was always a little riskier of a situation because there were definitely horrible people out there who were sick enough to target omegas. People who were stuck in the past, only considering omegas to be these weak and defenseless playthings. That train of thought wasn't horribly common anymore, but there was still the risk. That same risk was especially present during their heats, where their scents became powerful enough to send any unrestrained alpha walking past their door into a frenzy. It was admittedly a little dangerous, but Jimin knew he could hold his own in most situations. After all, he had a good amount of strength, and could use his flexibility and speed to his advantage in a moment of defense if anything were to come up. This didn't always stop the small slice of fear that sometimes crept up into their guts, however.

The blond ran his fingers through Taehyung's hair in a soothing manner, releasing some comforting pheromones that he knew his friend needed. There was another knock at the door, this time a little louder.

"You stay here, I'll go see who it is." Jimin smiled reassuringly. Taehyung just let out the deep breath he was holding and nodded.

Jimin carefully untangled himself from the mess of limbs and blankets before he quietly stepped over to the front door. He peered through the tiny peephole out into the hallway and let all of the tension being held in his body dissipate when he noticed who was standing there. The blond unlocked the door and threw it open,

"What are you doing here?" Jimin let out, shocked at the presence of the figure standing in front of him.

The tall man just smiled as he wrapped his arms around the golden-haired omega and squeezed tightly, "Jimin! I'm so happy to see you! Is my brother here?" There was a pause, and before the omega could even answer, he heard his best friend's voice from behind him.

"Jinnie!" Taehyung squealed from the couch.

The man quickly released his hug from Jimin and scrambled over to throw himself at the boy who was still sitting on the couch, wrapping his long arms around him and squishing his face against Taehyung's head. Jimin grinned ear-to-ear and closed the door, locking it, before walking back into the living room and watching as the two boys aggressively scented each-other. Taehyung was letting out a loud, excited purr at their new-found company.

"Hyung! I had no idea you were going to be in town tonight!"

The man unwrapped himself slightly from Taehyung before explaining, "I know, I wanted it to be a surprise. I'm just glad I could remember which apartment number was yours."

Jimin let out a laugh, smiling at the man. The tall omega sitting on his couch was Tahyung's older brother, Seokjin. Jimin also considered him as his own brother after growing up with the two, and was just as excited to be in the same room as him after not seeing him for months.

"Yes, but you scared Taehyung here half to death. He thought someone was here to rob us or something." The blond laughed, sitting next to their guest and resting his head on his shoulder, inhaling the familiar warm scent of hazelnut he hadn't realized how much he missed.

Seokjin let out a little coo at the statement, and pulled his little brother into a hug, "Oh there's nothing to be afraid of. The only thing I'm going to be robbing you of is your love and affection. And food."

Taehyung laughed as his brother stood up, and Jimin quickly jumped up to run to the kitchen and rummage through their cabinets, picking out some ingredients to start making them a quick meal, "Well you're in luck because we haven't eaten yet."

Seokjin just smiled and sat down cross-legged on the couch, making himself comfortable and letting his brother cuddle into him. The three of them talked about random topics as Jimin quickly whipped up one of his favorite ramen recipes, and soon the blond was passing out bowls of warm noodles to the two other omegas sitting around the coffee table. Taehyung and Seokjin were in the middle of discussing the elder's career.

"Hyung, I'm so thankful you are home for a while from your touring. Don't get me wrong, I'm so happy for you that you are living out your dream, but Jiminie and I miss you constantly when you're gone." Taehyung spoke, whining a little.

Seokjin smiled sadly at that, "Well the cast and I are equally excited to wrap up this show, too. We are all missing home. Thankfully, it only lasts a few more weeks, and then I will be able to stay here for a while. At least until I get cast for another one," he pauses, "If I get cast."

Jimin bumped his shoulder against the older man's, a confident look on his face, "Pft, you're an amazing actor. You are going to have tons of performing companies tearing down your door begging you to come audition for them. Don't fret."

The man smiled prettily at the praise, but hummed as he thought about his next words.

"I have been thinking about something else recently, though. Of course, this is my dream, and I am over the moon that I get to live it out. But while I would love to keep traveling all over the country for my performances...part of me is ready for... something else."

Taehyung blinked in confusion, "Like what? A new job?"

Seokjin just shook his head with a small smile. "Maybe, maybe not. But I've been wanting to come back home to Seoul lately, to stay home. I've been craving the familiarity of it...and I also think I'm ready to start dating again. Find someone to settle down with. Maybe start a family, you know, that sappy stuff."

Jimin and Taehyung both cooed at their older brother and wrapped their arms tight around his torso while he was chewing a bite of his food.

"Jinnie, I think you should do whatever you think will make you happy. And I definitely want to be an uncle, so I fully support this." Taehyung said excitedly.

"Yeah, and we can help plan your mating ceremony when the time comes! It's going to be so beautiful," Jimin let out dreamily, "And you're always welcome to stay here while you find a place to live since you planned your last lease to expire around the time you left a couple of months ago. You can even eat all of our food if you want."

Seokjin grinned at the nice offer and Taehyung added, "And you can stay and watch dramas and cuddle with me when Jiminie leaves me here all alone and he's off tutoring with his hot professor."

Jimin's face immediately started to heat up at his best friend's words, and Seokjin choked on the noodle he had just sucked into his mouth.

"Your what!?"

"Uh..." He started before his friend was cutting him off.

"--Jimin snagged a tutoring job at school for a couple of nights a week. He gets to sit and teach people trigonometry and check out his professor--who, by the way, totally wants to fuck him--for hours, all while I get to sit here alone." He finished, a pouty look on his face. Jimin just stared in mortification. He knew Taehyung wasn't actually mad at him for the fact that he had taken the tutoring job, and that the omega would find plenty of other things to do in his free time. This was just his chance to continue teasing the blond about the topic. He was probably never going to let it go.

Meanwhile, Seokjin's mouth was hanging open, his eyes wide in shock.

"Wait, so...you're screwing your professor?"

The blond flushed and immediately countered, "What? No--"

"But he wants to. Right Jiminie?" Taehyung had a shit-eating grin on his face.

Jimin gulped at that.

Yeah. Yeah, I do want to, actually. He wasn't going to admit it out loud, especially not with Seokjin sitting in between them, but he absolutely did want his professor, and not just in that way.

The alpha was a prime example of everything Jimin had ever wanted in a man. He was unbelievably attractive, obviously very intelligent, and also very caring and gentle. The omega had noticed just how caring he was with how he treated his students and the people he interacted with, and how gentle he seemed whenever he lowered his voice to a softer tone whenever he addressed him. The omega had noticed he didn't do it to quite the same extent when he was talking to other students, and it made something in his heart flutter. Jimin wanted to ignore the obvious possible repercussions and the fact that the alpha was his superior, and actually ask the man out on a date, but he didn't dare. Even if he did have the inkling that the alpha felt their connection whenever they were around each other, too. He was almost sure of it. Hell, he had even smelled it. There was definitely something there burning under the surface, and yes, he did want the alpha.

Jungkook. He smiled at the thought of the man offering his name yesterday.



Jimin realized he was taking too long to answer. He folded his hands in his lap and leaned back against the couch, food unfinished in front of him. The other two were waiting, and he was about to deny what his friend was suggesting, but decided against it. Jimin just wouldn't tell them about the previous day.

"Well yes, I think he is attractive. Obviously, I mean you've seen the guy, too. He's like, maybe the most stunning alpha I've ever seen. But he is still our professor... so I can't really do anything about it." Jimin finished, sighing. Taehyung's grin fell a little bit.

"Oh fuck it."

Jimin snapped his head over to his friend. There was no way he heard that right. Seokjin was still silent, twisting his head to look back and forth between his two younger brothers as they spoke.

"Excuse me?"

"I say go for it," Jimin's mouth hung open slightly in surprise, the brunet continued, "It would be just like a drama. A professor falling in love with his student, but they have to hide their love so they don't get in trouble. It pretty much writes itself."

At that, Jimin knew Taehyung must have been joking, and let out a breath. The other omega noticed it, and supplied, "Or maybe just wait until we graduate or something. He clearly has a thing for you, and you always talk about how you want a more mature guy."

Seokjin finally spoke up, "Honestly Min, I think you should steer clear of that one. He could potentially lose his job if he got caught."

Jimin sighed. He knew what his older brother was saying was the obvious and safe answer. Avoiding the alpha all-together in that manner was the only way to make sure nothing bad happened regarding the man's job, his own education, or even romantically in general. After all, Jimin wouldn't know what he would be able to do with himself if he got attached and things ended up going south, especially this close to him finishing his degree. He would be ruined, and so would Jungkook.

The omega couldn't help but smile softly at the way his mind allowed him to casually use the alpha's name again.

"Okay, yeah. I won't do anything stupid, " Jimin nodded his head assuredly, "I'm just going to go in and tutor like a normal student, and not let myself think about it. Nothing will happen." He didn't notice Taehyung rolling his eyes in disbelief where he sat with his head resting on Seokjin's shoulder.

"Sure, whatever you say Min."

Seokjin took the chance and pushed their bowls aside before dragging his brothers up to the couch once he noticed their conversation was coming to an end. Jimin silently thanked him as the older man drew both of them into the blankets.

"Now, let's forget about men for a while. Come here so we can watch a movie and get more cuddles in before I have to leave for Gwangju tomorrow."

Jimin let himself relax as they all tangled themselves into the nest of blankets, then grabbed the remote to find something he knew they could agree on. The three omegas stayed there on the couch for hours, finding countless things to laugh about together, until they all eventually fell asleep to the sound of each other's content purrs.

Notes:
Let me know your thoughts if you enjoyed <3 Things start picking up in the next chapter...heh. and maybe soon we will meet Tae's mystery man :)

Come say hi on twitter! @jeonslegend

Chapter 7: Daydreaming
Summary:
Jimin's first day of tutoring.

Notes:
this chapter is a little longer than the others I've posted so far, so I hope you like it <3 I also hope you are all enjoying this story...it is my first published fic so I am a little nervous each time I post hehe...but I am enjoying writing this a lot. I have a lot of plans for it so I'm excited to see who tags along for the whole thing...

enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Friday



Jimin slowly blinked his eyes open at the sound of shuffling next to him and the feeling of two arms being wrapped around his waist. As he turned slightly to inspect the presence behind him, he saw Taehyung's big brown eyes already looking back at him.

"Time to wake up, sleepy. You didn't set an alarm last night," the taller man hummed softly.

Jimin took a few moments to wake himself up, and when he came to he realized that at some point of the night he had been transported into his own nest from the couch. The morning sun was already pouring through the windows, a little more than he was used to seeing when he woke up for his early classes. Jimin was about to close his eyes to rest for a few more minutes like he usually did, but decided he shouldn't. Instead, he stretched his body out and wiggled out of his friend's grasp to sit up on the side of his bed. As he tapped the screen of his phone to glance at the time, panic settled into his gut.

"Shit! Why didn't you wake me sooner!?" His eyes flew towards the man still laying on his bed with wide eyes. He immediately noticed his friend was already groomed and dressed for their classes.

"Sorry, Jiminie! You just looked so cute while you slept. And Jin-hyung made us coffee already, so I figured you could get more rest since we stayed up so late." Taehyung looked a little guilty.

Jimin just sighed and walked over to the taller boy to tap under his chin in a playfully scolding manner before heading towards his closet to find something to quickly throw on.

"It's okay, but now you have to help me find something to wear." The blond stood with his hands on his hips, head cocked as he contemplated his choices.

"Ooo fun," Taehyung flipped over from the position he was laying in on the bed and rested his chin on his hands, looking at his friend with a mischievous glint in his eye, "Why don't you wear that one pair of jeans that makes your ass look like it was sculpted by the Gods themselves? You know, the black pair. I haven't seen you wear them in a while."

Jimin just turned his head towards him and raised an eyebrow, "Every pair of jeans I own makes my ass look good."

The brunet just rolled his eyes before sitting upright, "Yeah but, like, you know what I'm talking about. Those ones just fit you so nicely. I'm convinced they were made for you and you only. And you can pair them with a cute oversized cropped sweater or something. Just don't hide your ass."

The smaller boy was already in the middle of digging through his closet to find the pair of jeans in question as he listened to his friend. He quickly found the pair before starting to skim through his collection of oversized sweaters, looking for one that was baggy but still a shorter length to not obscure the view of his legs.

While Jimin always loved to put together nice outfits for school, he would usually opt for baggy sweaters or hoodies, especially in the wintertime. They were much more comfortable to sit in during his long days on campus, and easier to change out of and into his dance clothes on the nights he had practice. However, today he had to admit he was in the mood to wear something a little more revealing, and it definitely didn't have anything to do with his own curiosity of seeing a certain alpha's reaction to it throughout the day. Of course not.

Jimin just happily hummed as he found a light peach-colored cropped sweater and a skinny black belt before taking off his shorts and oversized hoodie from the previous night to put them on. The blond then hurried to find his favorite pair of black, well-worn Chelsea boots before walking over to sit next to his best friend on the bed. As he was sliding the slightly-heeled shoes onto his feet he spoke, "And what is your sudden obsession with my ass, Taehyungie?"

Jimin was facing away from his friend and accordingly missed the small smirk that appeared on his face when he answered.

"I just think you should show it off more...just because," he paused, "And can't I just be obsessed with it for no reason at all?" Taehyung watched as the petite boy stood up from the bed and turned in the full-length mirror to check out himself and his outfit. He let out a low whistle and followed over to him, hugging him from behind, "You look great. Heads will definitely be turning."

As the taller boy let go and took a step back, Jimin slightly blushed at the thought of a certain pair of brown doe eyes on him, taking in the curves of his body. He was scared Taehyung might have been reading his mind when he thought he heard the boy let out a "he's going to love it" from behind him.

"Huh?" The blond questioned, looking intently at the other.

"Oh, nothing. I'm going to go grab our coffee while you finish getting ready." He rushed out. The omega was gone and out of the door before Jimin could mutter another syllable.

He blinked at the sudden absence of his friend before walking into the bathroom to start doing his hair.

"He's going to love it."

Jimin was silently hoping so.



...



As the two omegas walked into their 8 a.m. lecture, grasping their coffees and panting slightly due to their hurried pace, Jimin almost stopped dead in his tracks at the sight that was waiting for them.

Most of the class had already arrived with there only being a couple of minutes until the start of the lesson, but Jimin could only focus his eyes on one of the many bodies in the room.

There he was, leaning with one of his elbows on the sturdy podium and flipping through the stack of papers in his hands.

Jimin thought that Professor Jeon looked especially ravishing today with his black hair slightly pushed out of his face, and the omega felt his mouth start watering slightly at the way the man was dressed. He was wearing a black collared button-up shirt that was tucked into a pair of very flattering, very well-fitting slacks that showed off the curves of his broad thighs. To top it off, the clothes were met with a black leather belt secured around his well-proportioned hips, and an expensive-looking silver watch on his wrist. Jimin was also very quick to notice that his shirt was undone a few buttons and the sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, showing off his forearms. Jimin was in a trance at the amount of exposed skin he was seeing on the alpha's neck and arms, and he had to force himself to remember how to use his own legs as he approached his seat.

The omega was silently thanking his best friend for the umpteenth time at that moment that he would be sitting in the front row with nothing obscuring his view. Now he could just sit back and pretend to take notes while secretly daydreaming about the man standing at the front of the room.

It's all he could do, so he let himself.

Jimin had also already decided he would be learning all of the materials from the class on his own. The chances of him ever absorbing a single concept from the lectures, while his professor stood there every time looking like a full course meal that the golden-haired boy desperately wanted to devour, was slim-to-none.

The boy knew he had a problem. It was a good thing this was the one class he didn't need to pay attention in.



As Jimin got settled in his seat he felt the collar of his sweater fall slightly down one of his shoulders, showing off one of his collarbones and most of his neck. Just as he was about to reach down to pull it back up, he hesitated. With a glimpse towards the front of the room, where his hazel eyes met with a pair of dark, intense ones, he decided to leave it.

The omega felt a little shy as he watched the alpha's eyes slowly dart towards his neck and shoulder before lingering and coming back up to meet with his own. He felt an unexpected yet powerful feeling of neediness course through his body as he realized the alpha had been watching him intently from where he stood in front of the entire class.

Jimin writhed in his seat when he felt a small fire ignite in his gut at the realization that the man was looking at him and nobody else. Jimin absolutely couldn't deny it anymore-there was something there in that gaze. The smaller boy could tell from his seat that his professor's eyes were darker than the usual warm chocolate brown, and that there was definitely something-an emotion that Jimin couldn't quite figure out-shining within them.

The blond boy was the first to tear his gaze away from the alpha's to gather his notebook and pen before setting them down. As he dared a glance back up, he noticed that the man was no longer looking at him. His gaze had instead moved slightly to the right. Jimin subtly followed the alpha's new line of sight and his eyes landed on none other than his best friend, who was staring right back at the alpha with a cocked eyebrow and a serious expression. Almost as if Taehyung's eyes had burned him, the professor immediately shot his gaze back down towards the papers in his hands before pushing himself off of the podium.

Jimin quickly noticed the difference in how the man had gazed at him versus the way he nervously darted his eyes towards his best friend and barely glanced at anyone else in the room before starting his lesson.

It made the omega tremble slightly at the thought, and he couldn't help but feel that much more confident knowing his alpha was clearly only interested in one person in the room, and that it was him.



Wait.



His alpha?



Jimin pinched his own leg at the thought of it. Professor Jeon, Jungkook, wasn't his alpha, and maybe he shouldn't be getting so used to using his name so casually either, even if the other man had been the one to suggest it.

The blond forced himself to look down at his coffee and away from the man whose eyes were, unbeknownst to him, once again watching him. Jimin hummed out a sigh and brought the rim of his metal thermos up to his lips before taking a long, needed sip. He let his nose linger on the scent of the liquid coming out of the mug before deciding he liked the aroma coming from his professor much, much more.

As class started and the alpha began to speak, Jimin let himself drown in a mix of the heavenly sound of the man's voice and the delicious scent lingering in his nose.

Needless to say, he and his wolf were both very pleased.



...



Jimin hadn't even noticed just how fast the time had flown by when Professor Jeon had started to wrap up the lesson. He stole his eyes from where they were unabashedly watching the movements of the man's legs before quickly flipping his notebook closed and turning towards his friend. Taehyung had already begun to gather his things.

"I need to stop and ask Professor Jeon a quick question about tutoring before we leave," Jimin said as they were getting ready to stand up.

The other omega just glanced at him and nodded his head before they started to walk towards the front of the class. This time Jimin found he didn't need his best friend to push him along, and the taller omega had opted for walking to the door of the classroom to wait there instead of joining their conversation. He was a little bit more nervous about going at it alone this time, but he quickly brushed off the feeling.

As he approached the alpha, who now had his back turned towards him, Jimin took a small breath before gaining the courage to speak.

"Hello, Professor."

The larger man turned his neck slightly to glance behind himself at the sudden greeting before fully turning the rest of his body. His eyes crinkled slightly with a smile at the sight of the small, golden-haired omega standing in front of him. The alpha's eyes settled on him for a few moments before he finally spoke.

"Jimin! Just who I wanted to see."

Jimin felt his heart flutter at the statement and his eyes widened a small amount, a little taken aback at the confession. The alpha continued before Jimin had much time to think about it.

"I was going to let you know that there is a student who is interested in meeting with you today for help on this week's lessons-"

Oh. Right. Tutoring.

"-and next week Friday is our first quiz, as I mentioned at the start of class. They would like to meet on Monday and Wednesday next week as well, to prepare. Does this work for you?"

This was admittedly the first time Jimin was hearing about the quiz. Sure, Professor Jeon had said it, but the omega was probably too lost in his own dream world at that point to notice.

Jimin broke out into a pretty, toothy smile, "Of course! Same time today, at 5?"

The alpha's smile widened in return, and he was nodding softly.

"Same time, just bring your books and any notes you need. I will see you then, Jimin-ssi."

The two exchanged a small nod and a soft smile as they parted, and Jimin walked towards his friend waiting near the door with a little extra sway in his step. When the blond walked up to him, Taehyung just shook his head with a snort before grabbing his hand and pulling him out of the room.







...







"-and here is a copy of my email in case you have any further questions. I think you will be pleased to know that your tutor will be of immense help to you, so feel free to reach out to either of us when you need anything." Jungkook finished, giving a small smile to the tall omega standing in front of him.

"Thank you, Professor. I'll keep that in mind." The student bowed to the alpha at a sharp angle and Jungkook couldn't help but feel flattered at the show of respect.

Just then the alpha caught the slight shift of the scent in the air. Delicious vanilla buttercream. He immediately turned his head towards the door to see the owner of the scent appearing, looking just as stunning as Jungkook had remembered from that morning.

The alpha smiled as Jimin took a few steps inside of the office with a small greeting. He watched as the omega then looked towards the other presence in the room in question.

"Jimin, it's great to see you," Jungkook said a little too eagerly before he turned towards the other student, "Seonghwa, this is Park Jimin, he will be your tutor for the semester."

The two omegas turned towards each other and Jimin bowed as he held out his hand. Seonghwa accepted his hand and bowed in reciprocation.

"It is so good to meet you, Jimin-ssi, thank you for helping me." Seonghwa smiled shyly.

"Oh, it's no problem at all. I'm glad to help!" Jimin answered cheerfully, "I really hope I'll be of a lot of use to you, and when we're done today I'll give you my number as well so you can text me anytime with questions."

Jungkook noticed how sincere and kind he seemed in his response and was floored that not only was the golden-haired omega the most beautiful man he had ever seen, but he had a heart of gold to match. Jungkook had a feeling he would be the perfect person in every aspect, and he was only being proven right each time the boy opened his mouth.

The alpha motioned towards the two cushioned chairs on the other side of his desk, "You two go ahead and make yourselves comfortable. I'll be here working on grades if you have questions," He finished with a smile.

Jungkook watched as the two men sat next to each other and pulled out their books. He had fully expected Jimin to just simply run through the week's assignments with the other student, but was surprised when he also pulled out his own small packet of example problems to add to the mix. The blond omega kindly offered an extra copy to the man sitting next to him and began to talk about how he was going to try his best to explain the concepts in a way that made sense. There was no hesitation before he got right into his teaching.

Jungkook had to admit that seeing the omega take leadership of the situation so easily with his own materials was a huge turn on for him.

The alpha quietly swiveled his chair to face his computer before starting to grade the online homework submissions from the week. He decided to start by checking the already-submitted calculus assignments from some of his more eager students and tried to focus all of his attention on giving proper feedback.

Every once in awhile Jungkook would hear a pleased sound or a few giggles coming from the two sitting with their heads together, hovered over one of Jimin's worksheets. He would steal small glances whenever Jimin exclaimed how proud he was of the other omega, or when they would high-five over the completion of a difficult problem. Jungkook noticed how comfortable the atmosphere was in the room despite the two omegas being seated alone in an office next to their new professor, and the fact that all of them were pretty much strangers.

He knew that if he was still in college, he would have been much more hesitant in such a situation, due to his slightly-shy nature around new people. However, the tension had dissipated quickly with how well Jimin interacted with the other as if they had been best friends their entire lives. It was wonderfully refreshing, and Jungkook would sometimes find himself watching in awe at how well the blond was presenting himself.

The alpha also observed how every time he would smile or laugh, his eyes would light up and disappear into beautiful crescents. Or how when he watched the other complete a problem, he would bite his own lip in suspense before bursting into a joyous bout of praise at every correct answer. He truly was a sight to behold.

At one point, however, Jungkook had almost growled out loud at the sudden flash of taut skin he had seen when Jimin jumped up to clap his hands in excitement before squeezing the other boy's shoulder. The blond's shorter top had ridden up past his high-waisted black jeans--which fit the sinful curves of his body perfectly --and Jungkook had thought for a moment that he was going to pass out at the sudden rush of heat to his groin. The small glimpse he caught of the omega's midriff had almost been enough to make the alpha lose control, but he gripped the arm of his chair before forcing himself to pay attention to the un-graded equations on his screen.

Just as Jungkook finished looking through the submitted homework assignments from his first calculus class, he heard that the other two were wrapping up their session.

"You are amazing, Jimin! Thank you so much for making it so easy for me to understand. I owe you one."

Jimin was smiling widely with clasped hands in front of his heart, "Oh--no need to thank me, you did most of the work yourself. You're a natural! Here--" the blond reached into his pocket and grabbed his phone before scrolling through it and handing it to the other, "Put your number in and I will text you so we can schedule our meetings easily whenever you need me."

Seonghwa smiled and carefully grabbed the phone from his hands, before putting in his number and giving it back.

"Awesome, this just lifted a huge weight off of my shoulders. Thank you again, Jimin-ssi! And thank you, Professor." The omega bowed to Jimin and then turned and did the same to Jungkook before grabbing his bag and walking out of the room.

As his black hair disappeared into the hallway, Jimin turned from his spot in the middle of the room and grinned.

"So--how did I do?"

Jungkook almost cooed at the excited look on the omega's face.

"I am quite impressed, actually...you did amazing. I think I should be handing my position over to you now," Jungkook teased with sincerity in his voice, "Professor Park...how does that sound?"

Jimin's face lit up at the praise and a delicate laugh escaped his lips, "Oh, hush. You're just teasing me now."

Jungkook quickly shook his head and sat up straight in his chair at that, "No, really Jimin. I am truly very impressed. It is reassuring to me to know I picked the perfect person for the job. That kid is going to ace the class thanks to you."

The omega's eyes widened and a small blush appeared on his cheeks. Jungkook felt himself want to pull the smaller man into his lap to hold and praise him endlessly just to see the joy in his eyes that resulted from it.

"Well thank you. That's very kind of you to say," Jimin let out softly. There was a moment of silence between them before he spoke again, "Is there anything else you need help with before I go?"

For a second Jungkook couldn't tell whether or not Jimin actually wanted to stay a little longer, but there was an eagerness to the man's voice that pushed the alpha towards that conclusion. His wolf preened at the thought of the omega wanting to be near him.

"Actually, I have a few worksheets that were handed in today. If I gave you my answer key, would you like to stay and help me grade them?"

Jimin's eyes lit up once more at that, and he smiled brightly as he grabbed one of the cushioned chairs and brought it around to the other side of the desk to place it only a few feet away from Jungkook's. The older man gave a small look of amusement at the sudden eagerness being displayed by his student, but let it dissolve into another smile as Jimin plopped down into the chair.

"Sure! Where do I start?"

Jungkook grabbed the physical copies of the assignments and set them in front of the other man before he turned and realized just how close they really were. He noticed that the warm smell of vanilla was now intoxicatingly sweet, and immediately felt himself relax into his seat.

"There are only a few worksheets for this class. Go ahead and start here." The alpha let out.

Jimin nodded and turned slightly in his seat to face his professor a little more, accidentally brushing his knee against the other man's thigh. The two froze at the contact, and before Jungkook knew it he was once again losing himself into the warm, inviting gaze of the man sitting next to him. Jimin was blushing furiously now, but instead of moving his leg away from Jungkook's he just looked down at the papers in front of him to start grading them.

The alpha accepted that he was no longer going to be able to focus on his own work that still needed to be done, and decided to subtly watch the small man next to him instead.

As he turned his head slightly, he was met with the sight of the omega's beautiful pale neck. He was close enough to see just how soft his skin actually looked, and he so desperately wanted to lean over and sink his teeth into the unmarked skin, claiming the beautiful man as his own. He wanted to bring him home and keep him in his own bed until every last inch of his pale skin was covered in marks and bruises. That neck deserved to have a beautiful mating mark on it. He deserved to be shown off.

Jungkook looked down towards where their legs were still resting against each other, and he held back a growl at how bad he wanted to simply reach out his hand to grip Jimin's strong leg and rub upwards into his inner thigh to caress the sensitive skin beneath his tight jeans. He briefly wondered how sensitive Jimin really was, and where all of the weak spots on his body were. Maybe it was his inner thighs, or maybe it was his neck, or his nipples. Jungkook almost groaned at the thought of finding out.



As Jungkook trailed his eyes up along the slender line of Jimin's body, he noticed a smirk resting on the smaller man's lips where he sat focused on his task. His breath hitched as Jimin slowly shifted so their thighs were lightly pressed against each other, the sensation alone making him want to howl in joy. When the alpha turned away to collect himself, he didn't notice that Jimin's playful smirk had grown.



"So, where did you get all of these pictures that are hanging up? They're beautiful." Jungkook broke himself out of his thoughts for the millionth time since meeting the omega to listen to his question. As his brain processed it, he was pleased to answer.

"Oh. Actually, these are all pictures that I've taken," He watched as Jimin looked surprised at the new knowledge, "I love photography. It's one of my favorite hobbies."

"Oh wow, that's amazing! You're so talented!" Jimin exclaimed.

Jungkook just smiled bashfully and took the opportunity to get to know the other a little more, "Thank you, Jimin. And what about you? What are some of your hobbies?"

A spark of joy burst behind Jimin's eyes at the question.

"Oh, me? Well, I love to dance, so much that I am a dance major and have been doing it my whole life. I hope to one day dance in front of thousands of people and maybe make a career out of performing," Jungkook watched as he passionately talked about his love for the sport, that definitely explains the body, " And I also love animals. If I wasn't so sentimental, I would probably be working with them as a job. Maybe studying to be a veterinarian or something. Oh! And I also love anything and everything that makes me warm."

Jungkook softly smiled at the thought of the omega curled up in his nest, purring with a few blankets wrapped around him. Or possibly the alpha's arms. It was the most endearing visual.

"Well, I think you must be very talented to be pursuing a career in performing. And very brave. I could never do that myself." Jungkook said with sincerity in his tone.

Jimin was blushing again, "Thank you. You're way too kind to me."

Without hesitation, Jungkook rested his hand on Jimin's knee, squeezing gently, "You don't give yourself enough credit, it seems. You deserve the praise you get, Jimin."

There was a tender moment lingering in the air before Jungkook realized what he had done. He quickly moved his hand away to rest on his own leg and was about to apologize before he looked towards the omega. Jimin was no longer focused on the papers in front of him as they shared an intense look.

Jungkook saw something flash in the younger's eyes, but didn't dare allow himself to act on his creeping suspicion.

"It's getting pretty late now. I'm sure you have plans already lined up for your Friday night, yeah?" Jungkook added. As much as he craved Jimin's presence, he knew he couldn't keep him there any longer. The sun had already set and it was well past dinner time. Most of his colleagues had probably already gone home for the weekend, except the few that stayed to teach night-time courses.

Jimin nodded a little reluctantly at that, but agreed anyway, "I suppose you're right. I don't really have any plans, but I'm starving," to Jungkook's surprise, after a few moments the omega rested his hand on his knee in return, before lightly squeezing, "I'll be seeing you on Monday, Professor."

Jungkook couldn't help but wilt a little bit at the formality Jimin had used instead of his own name, but he understood. As much as he wanted things to be more casual between the two, he knew they weren't there yet.

His knee felt cold when Jimin let go. He wanted to ask him to come back, to keep him warm forever. Instead all he could do is watch as the blond stood up.

The two men exchanged goodbyes and small smiles before Jimin gathered his stuff and left the office. Jungkook couldn't help but watch the sway of his hips as he exited, and sunk down into his chair once he could no longer hear the smaller boy's footsteps as he retreated.

The scent of vanilla still lingered in the air from where Jimin had been sitting so close to him. He let himself take a few long, drawn-out breaths before turning off his computer and grabbing his bag and keys to leave.

Notes:
Any feedback is greatly appreciated <3 Leave a comment if you enjoyed! Or leave a question/comment for me anonymously here!

My twitter: @jeonslegend

Chapter 8: Hands Off
Summary:
Jimin battles with his instincts.

Notes:
The first session from our Jiminie's pov :)

enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Monday, one week later



Jimin found himself in his professor's office again for their regularly scheduled session. Next to him sat a different classmate than the previous week--an omega girl named Miyoung, who seemed to be a little older than Jimin was.

The classmate he had tutored the week before had mentioned Jimin to a few of his friends, so the blond now had a small handful of people who had been regularly messaging him for help on their assignments. He had to admit it was nice to be able to help them out online, as he didn't have time to meet with all of them separately in person due to his busy schedule. So far, things were manageable.

Jimin felt pride in his newfound tutoring abilities, and it made him more than happy to help his classmates when they needed it. The university had been generous in his compensation, and even planned on sending the checks straight towards his tuition on a monthly basis. Jimin had briefly considered extending his tutoring into the next few semesters if it meant he could pay for college. He would just have to see what the rest of the current semester had in store for him.

"Jimin-ssi, it says I need to use a Pythagorean identity for this problem. Where do I find that again?" Miyoung asked, staring at her paper in confusion.

Jimin smiled brightly at the girl and flipped the page of his self-made equation packet before setting it down in between them on the desk and pointing to the information she needed.

"This one here, I'll show you how to use it."

Miyoung watched carefully as Jimin explained the identities and concepts with plenty of thorough, easy steps. When she went to try them out for herself on one of the problems, she was successful in her first attempt.

"Thank God for you, Jimin-ssi." She sighed, relieved.

Jimin had a huge smile on his face as Miyoung went straight into the next problem on their assignment. He stole a glance over the desk at the man sitting across from them typing away at his computer. He was smirking slightly.

The alpha must have felt his eyes on him because he looked away from his computer screen long enough to meet Jimin's gaze. He offered a small, warm smile before turning his focus back onto whatever he was doing. The blond looked down at his lap with a small blush on his cheeks at their eye contact.

After a week of sitting in the office near his professor every other night, things were becoming a little more comfortable. Jimin thought so at least.

He was able to relax into his role as he tutored his classmates, and wasn't afraid to garner the older man's attention whenever he needed help figuring out how to explain one of the concepts. Professor Jeon had always been very kind and willing to help, and would sometimes offer his own materials to Jimin if he needed them. Each glance they took towards each other was met with small smiles, and the two would sometimes share a smirk or a small laugh at something that they both thought was entertaining or funny. It was comfortable, and Jimin had been enjoying being able to see the man on a regular basis.

However, the omega had to admit that it was also pretty frustrating at times, but only ever for one reason--the tension.

Those stolen glances or small smiles were always filled with something a little more. Their gazes and small laughs had more to them than was obvious on the surface. Most nights when Jimin's classmate would leave, the blond would slide his chair over to the other side of the desk to sit closer to the man, in hopes of there being more he could help him with.

Professor Jeon always found something or another for him to do, and they would sit and chat casually about random things they found interesting. The man had told Jimin about his own experiences in college, and even went as far as sharing more about his hobbies, or even his family at times. The blond loved hearing him go on and on about the things he was thinking about at any given moment, and quickly realized just how intelligent the man really was. Having gone to school for almost ten years and graduating at the top of his class--with a fucking doctorate, for Christ's sake--Jimin couldn't help but constantly be in awe of him.

Not to mention extremely turned on.

The blond was falling into a dangerous hole of admiration and attraction for the man that he knew he wasn't going to be able to climb out of. As the alpha spoke more about himself, Jimin was realizing just how perfect Jungkook really was. And he couldn't have him.

It was the most unfair thing he had ever heard of.

The omega had repeated his friend's and brother's advice in his head multiple times, that he needed to keep a level head and not make any kind of move on the man until there was no risk involved. He needed to wait. Maybe until the semester was over, until the year was over, or until he graduated, he didn't know. Jimin was trying, he really was.

But when the alpha would lean into his personal space or look at him with that smile and those eyes , it was becoming almost impossible. Never had he wanted something more than how bad he wanted to simply touch the man, in any way. Jimin would make excuses to casually rest his hand on his arm or shoulder, or sometimes when he was especially daring, his leg or knee.

It was dangerous territory he was crossing into, but when he smelled the spike of the alpha's scent in the air in response to every single touch, it only made him want to keep doing it that much more.

It didn't help that when Jimin wasn't looking directly at him, he could feel the alpha's eyes on him. When they were alone at the end of the night, Jimin would become dizzy with the sudden shift of pheromones in the air. The dark scent of coffee and cinnamon would become more intense, and it would fill Jimin's lungs in the most intoxicating way. The omega knew very well that his own scent would strengthen as well, out of instinct. He knew this not only because he could feel his own racing heart and increased neediness, but also based on how the alpha's eyes would darken from their usual brown shade to sometimes almost pure black. He knew what kind of effect he was having on the alpha.

And he really couldn't help himself, Jimin had a naturally very playful and teasing nature. So it only made sense to tease his alpha a little bit, too.

It made him feel beyond satisfied to know the effect he had on the man. Jimin felt as though he would have a chance with the incredibly handsome alpha if the circumstances were a little different.

So he went ahead and wore his tighter jeans and his form-fitting tops in place of his baggier sweatshirts on some days, just to see how the man's eyes would run down the length of his body when he thought Jimin wasn't looking, or how his gaze would linger on his exposed neck and clavicle when they sat close to each other. It was a damn good feeling.

But the tension was always there. In every word, look, laugh, and smile. Jimin felt it, and he loved it.

Sure, it was inappropriate, but being around him--

No, being around Jungkook, felt right.

Jimin liked the sound of his name in his head, and on his tongue when he was alone in the privacy of his room, but he had yet to breach that gap with the man and say it out loud. He was worried if he did, he would become a little too comfortable. The formality kept him in check, at least a little bit.

The blond didn't miss how the alpha's strong scent would dissipate a little bit at the use of such formalities though, and it made his omega cry out in distress every time. Jimin of course hated it, too, and found himself wanting to crawl into his alpha's lap and scent him until any hint of distress would wash away into comfort and happiness whenever it happened. The blond shook his head again as he caught his slip-up. Not your alpha.



Jimin sighed and looked back up towards the girl sitting next to him, who was now half-way through her worksheet. It wasn't long before she spoke up again, but this time it wasn't directed at Jimin.

"Professor, I just wanted to say that you're doing an amazing job teaching the class. With you and Jimin helping me, I know it is going to be a breeze." She had placed her pencil down, and was now holding her hands in her lap, posture straight.

Jimin was a little taken aback by the sudden confession, and found himself squinting his eyes in confusion ever so slightly.

Jungkook just turned his chair a little ways to face her as he spoke, trying to be respectful, "Well, that's very nice of you to say, Miyoung. Thank you."

Jimin watched as the alpha offered a delicate smile before turning back to finish his work. When the omega turned back towards the girl, she was looking down at her assignment bashfully, a small blush spreading across her cheeks.

Interesting.

Jimin managed a straight face but kept a close eye on the way the blonde girl kept peeking up at their professor after every problem she completed successfully. He hadn't noticed it before, but she would do it consistently. It almost looked as if she wanted to say something more to the man, but refrained. Instead, she turned back to Jimin, who had to shake the thoughts he was having out of his head.

"I think if I keep going tonight my brain is going to fry. Maybe we can meet again? When is the earliest you're free next?" She said eagerly.

"Wednesday is my next available day to tutor." Jimin smiled, even though he was still feeling a little skeptical of her previous actions.

"Great! We should meet then," she turned back to the alpha before continuing, "Professor, is it alright with you if I come back tomorrow as well? Just for a little bit more help?" She was now talking in a softer tone, and the look she gave the alpha made something in Jimin's stomach twist.

Jungkook just nodded and stood up to see her out, "My office hours are always open. Stop by anytime during them."

Miyoung smiled shyly and looked back at Jimin, "Great! I will see you Wednesday, Jimin-ssi!" She grabbed her purse and bag before walking towards the door. Jungkook followed her and stood near the door as she was leaving, with the purpose of what Jimin assumed to be shutting the door once she was gone.

It was something the alpha always did when Jimin's classmates left, and the blond just assumed it was to keep the peaceful and quiet environment in the office so he could continue working. Every time he did it, it made Jimin's heart flutter in excitement at the idea of being completely alone with the man.

Miyoung was speaking again, however.

"Thank you, Professor. I will be seeing you tomorrow." There was a hint of coyness to her speech, and the alpha's eyebrow raised slightly at the tone. His face was straight and he didn't look especially pleased. Miyoung didn't seem to notice. Instead, Jimin watched as the omega put her hand on Jungkook's arm, her long nails wrapping around his bicep.

At that moment, Jimin's vision became slightly blurred, with red tinting the edges, and he immediately felt sick to his stomach.

It was wrong, so so wrong.

The alpha's brows furrowed and Jimin wanted to smack her hand away. He had to physically hold himself back from growling at her to back away from his alpha, and when she kept her light grip for a few more seconds, Jimin thought he was going to lose it.

The blond clenched his fists in his lap where he had still been sitting in his chair, and his posture had stiffened now that he was on high alert. He watched the girl's every movement, almost as if it was in slow motion, as she slid her hand down his arm and let go. Jimin barely even noticed when she said goodbye and left the room, but was brought out of his slightly frenzied state at the small click of Jungkook shutting the door.

"Jimin? Are you okay?"

Jimin locked eyes with Jungkook, who had a soft look of worry etched into features and shining in his eyes. The omega took a deep breath and realized that he had probably been putting off some seriously unpleasant pheromones at his sudden spike in-- what was that he was feeling again? Oh right, jealousy.

Except he shouldn't be feeling jealous at all. Jimin shook his head, it still felt wrong. She shouldn't be touching him like that anyways. He could tell it made Jungkook uncomfortable.

The omega saw how genuine the look was in Jungkook's eyes, and wanted to grab him and take him somewhere so he could properly mark him as his own. He so desperately wanted Jungkook to be his alpha. Jimin wanted so badly to pull the man into his own nest and scent him from head to toe until there was no longer the slightest trace of anything besides his own vanilla scent detectable on the alpha. He didn't want anyone else thinking they had a chance with what was his.



Except he wasn't. Jungkook. Wasn't. His.



A slight panic had settled into his gut, and Jimin's omega was extremely restless now. He didn't know how to handle the sudden increase in his emotions. Jimin had simply never had that strong of a reaction to such a situation before. He had never felt such intense jealousy--if that's what you could even call it--with anyone. Never with Taehyung. Never with his ex-boyfriend. It was a new, animalistic type of feeling, completely out of his control. He wanted to scream, but he couldn't. This wasn't like him.

Instead, he quickly stood up and started to clumsily arrange his worksheets and materials back into a neat stack.

"I'm sorry, I really should be going now," Jimin said, strained. He didn't want to go, but he couldn't act like this in front of his professor. He felt like he was only going to make more of a fool out of himself the longer he stayed.

Jungkook slowly walked over to the blond who was hurriedly shoving all of his things into his bag, the worry in his eyes now more intense.

"Hey, it's okay. You're okay," the alpha reached his arm out to gently rub his hand down Jimin's back, and the omega immediately melted into it, "Everything is okay. You can stay if you want to."

Jimin didn't know how to react to the touch. He was unsure as to if he should accept the comforting hand or shy away from it. All he wanted was the former.

The alpha must have noticed his hesitation, and instead pulled Jimin's now-empty chair over next to his own on the other side of the desk. The omega's heart swelled a little bit at the gesture, and he allowed himself to take a long, deep breath to calm himself. He noticed that there was now what felt like a blanket of comforting pheromones surrounding him, and Jimin felt his heart almost burst when he looked into Jungkook's eyes again.

The alpha was patiently waiting by his chair with a reassuring look, giving Jimin the option to leave or stay as he pleased. The omega appreciated the considerate action, and once again felt himself swooning internally at how caring Jungkook was, even if they weren't necessarily close, or even technically friends.

Jimin set his bag back down onto the other chair before walking over towards the alpha. Before he sat, they shared another look that was full of a plethora of hidden emotions. At that moment he wanted to reach out and pull Jungkook towards him so the omega could bury his face into his chest and inhale his scent to further calm down.

Jimin wondered if the alpha was thinking the same thing with the way he reached out his hand for Jimin but quickly withdrew it, instead deciding on sitting down in his chair and turning it towards the smaller man's.

Jimin took a seat next to him and suddenly became a little embarrassed when the reality of the situation that had just occurred washed over him. He had almost just growled at his classmate in front of his professor. The omega had potentially almost just ruined everything, from the developing comfortability he felt around the alpha to his chances of keeping his tutoring job.

The blond looked up towards his professor with a slightly apologetic look on his face.

Jungkook's eyes were still soft and reassuring, and there was no hint of any negative emotion besides worry present in his scent. Jimin was slightly relieved, at least he wasn't mad at him for his behavior.

"Jimin, are you alright?" The alpha's soothing, steady voice cut through the silence.

Jimin forced a small smile, but when he met eyes with a pair of large brown ones, it melted into a real one.

"Yes, I'm okay. I'm sorry about that--I don't know what that was," Jimin was fidgeting with his hands slightly in his lap, "I can help you work on things now, if you have anything for me."

The omega could sense that Jungkook was hesitating before making his next move. His hand twitched slightly from where it was resting on his own leg, and there was a longer than usual silence filling the air for a few moments. Jungkook looked as if he was desperately trying to hold back from doing something.

His next move shocked the omega. The alpha slowly moved his hand away from his leg and brought it up to the back of Jimin's head. There was another small pause of his movement before he made contact with the omega's nape and reassuringly ran his hand down to his shoulder blades, The action sent a shiver down the smaller man's spine.

To Jimin's slight embarrassment, he let out a quiet whimper at the sensation of the alpha's large and steady hand on his skin, but was pleasantly surprised when Jungkook didn't retract his hand this time. Instead, he kept his eyes trained on the boy sitting in front of him, unphased by the small sound.

"Sure. Why don't we work together on getting some of these quizzes from Friday graded." The blond was thankful that the alpha wasn't trying to push any kind of explanation out of him.

Jimin just nodded and unconsciously slid his chair closer to Jungkook's, trying to see the papers in front of them a little more closely. He wanted to let out a displeased sound at the sudden absence of warmth on his neck when the alpha moved his hand away to grab the papers and set some in front of Jimin. He leaned a little further into the man's personal space to compensate for the loss of the touch and was happy to notice how comfortable Jungkook seemed with the action, if he had even realized it.

The two of them relaxed as they started going through the quizzes, marking all of the correct and incorrect answers and discussing the outcomes. In between their discussions, there were small but comfortable periods of silence.

Jimin quickly realized that there wasn't actually much work to be done, and smiled to himself at the thought that his professor could have easily finished the stack by himself in no time. The alpha must have just quickly found something for Jimin to help him with when he noticed the smaller boy wanted to stay. It made his heart flutter again with the thought that maybe Jungkook hadn't wanted him to leave, either.

Jimin had fully calmed down by the end of their task due to the comfortable atmosphere and steady amount of pheromones the alpha was releasing. The omega found his eyes slightly drooping as he pushed the last quiz he had finished marking away from himself. He turned his head to the side to see that Jungkook was finishing his last one as well, and decided to move closer so their legs were fully pressed up against each other. With a subtle glance towards the paper in the man's hand, he noticed his own name at the top.

"Is that my quiz?" Jimin asked, leaning further into the man's space, "How did I do?"

Jimin didn't catch how the alpha watched his lips moving from where their faces were now only a couple of feet apart. Jungkook grabbed the paper and wrote the score out at the top.

"You aced it. Not a single mistake in sight." Jimin's eyes widened and a huge smile spread across his face. The alpha was grinning proudly, "Once again I am impressed, Jimin."

Jimin's heart swelled at the statement, and he felt a little prideful in knowing that none of the students from the quizzes he graded, including his best friend's, had achieved a perfect score. The omega was slightly dazed by the strength of the man's pheromones now, so he ended up speaking without taking a second to think of his words first.

"Well, that girl was right. We do have an amazing professor, it's no wonder I aced it." Jimin said, resting his hand on the taller man's armrest--almost on top of the alpha's.

Jungkook's reaction to Jimin saying those words was dramatically different compared to when his classmate had said them. The raven-haired man lifted a brow and the two had a long moment of intense eye-contact. Jimin didn't have it in him to look away, even with their faces in such close proximity to one another.

Not to mention Jimin didn't want to look away. He enjoyed the heat that spread through his body when he lost himself in the man's eyes, which were currently still locked onto the omega. He could tell his own eyes were becoming slightly hooded as well.

Jimin could have sworn he saw his professor's eyes quickly dart down to his lips before they shot back up, and the omega was finding it a little harder to breathe at the sudden shift in their scents.

"I think you're giving me too much credit, Jimin," Jungkook paused, the corner of his mouth turning up, "Something tells me you wouldn't even need to pay attention in my class to ace your work." His voice was now lower in volume and pitch.

The omega hadn't noticed that the two were naturally gravitating towards one another, faces now slightly closer and their shoulders pressed lightly against each other. He felt a small blush creep onto his cheekbones at what Jungkook had said. The man was absolutely right. There was no way he hadn't noticed by now how Jimin would watch him in class, as he wasn't always exactly subtle about it. The omega was a little shameless.

"Perhaps that's true," Jimin smirked playfully. The alpha let out a little puff of air through his nose in what Jimin assumed was a small laugh.

"Oh yeah?" There was a glint of mischief in the alpha's eyes, "Well in that case--"

Just then, a loud ding from Jimin's phone sounded into the now thick atmosphere surrounding them. The two were broken out of their daze and Jimin looked towards the lit-up screen of his phone laying on the desk. He almost choked when he saw the time.

8:05 p.m.

The text message that was displayed on the screen was from his best friend.

Taehyungie: are u coming home soon???? I made tteokbokki for us :(

Another ding,

tell your alpha I want some time with you, too! >:(

With lightning speed, Jimin snatched the phone off of the desk, hoping the man sitting next to him hadn't seen the last message. When he turned to Jungkook, the omega could tell he was hiding a small smile.

Shit.

"That was Taehyung, he's wondering where I am." Jimin pushed himself out of his chair and ran a hand through his hair before turning towards the taller man, "Sorry to leave so suddenly."

Jungkook let the smile that he was hiding appear on his face, "No worries, Jimin. You should get home so you can eat with your friend," the alpha paused, his voice now soft again, "I wouldn't want you to miss a meal because of me."

The omega let out a breath and walked towards the door--the alpha following closely behind him this time. His professor leaned a shoulder against the doorframe as they turned towards each other in the entry-way of the office.

"You should get home, too. It's pretty late." Jimin didn't want to be the reason that Jungkook didn't have time to eat dinner, and he felt a little bad for staying so long.

"Of course." The alpha was smiling fondly. Jimin wanted more than anything in that moment to lean forward and steal his lips in a kiss.

Instead, he just returned the smile, and they parted.

As Jimin walked down the long hallways of the university to the lot he was parked in, he finally allowed himself to release the tension in his shoulders.

It wasn't until he was hopping into his car and turning the key in the ignition when he remembered what his professor had said about him 'getting home to eat with his friend'. Jimin mentally kicked himself.

Jungkook had, without a doubt, read the messages--



--and as Jimin recalled the events that had just taken place in that office, he wasn't quite sure if that was such a bad thing anymore.









Notes:
if you enjoyed, leave a comment! <3 I would love to know your thoughts!

my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here!

Chapter 9: Wet
Notes:
I'll probably say this every time but thank you so much for reading :) And for all of the positive feedback...I'm blown away and I appreciate it more than I can explain <3

enjoy...<3

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Wednesday



Jungkook groaned slightly as he was woken up by his blaring alarm. He laid there for a few seconds before grumbling and throwing his hand over to the side of his bed to shut off his phone. When he laid back down, he stared at the ceiling and tried to recall the visuals from the intense dream he was just having. Unfortunately for him, they were slowly slipping away from him in his increasing state of wakefulness.

As the alpha shifted in his bed, he felt the throbbing sensation of his erection straining in his briefs. With a sigh, Jungkook pushed himself up to rest his shoulders against the headboard before trying to remember the reason for his strong arousal. As he was about to give up and jump out of bed to get ready for the day, an image flashed through his mind.



A pair of wet lips laid hot, open-mouthed kisses down Jungkook's hard abdomen. The omega's velvety, pink tongue trailed past his belly button and down to the waistband of his underwear before he brought his nose over to nuzzle at the outline of the alpha's hard cock. One of his small hands came up to start stroking and rubbing the alpha through the fabric as he tilted his head up to look at Jungkook with dark, hooded eyes.

"Can I have a taste, Alpha?" The omega asked in a sultry tone.



"Fuck." Jungkook hesitated for a second before bringing one of his hands in front of himself to push down the waistband of his briefs. Once his cock sprung free from it's restraints, he wrapped his hand firmly around the shaft, smearing some of the precum leaking from the tip down it in tight, long strokes. He let out a quiet, satisfied moan at the instant relief that flooded through his body as his mind wandered back to his previous thoughts.



The blond boy bit his lip before freeing Jungkook's cock from the fabric and darting his tongue out to lick up the shaft in one long motion. As soon as he reached the tip he wrapped a small hand around the base and tilted it up towards his mouth. A pair of glossy hazel eyes met his own as the omega wrapped his thick lips around the darkened tip.



Jungkook let out a low growl at the visual, and continued to stroke himself. He threw his head back into his pillow as he swirled his thumb over the slit, trying desperately to picture the man's wet tongue instead of his own hand.



The omega dipped down to take more of the alpha's length in his mouth and started slowly bobbing his head. With a low moan he opened his eyes to meet with Jungkook's, which were now black and burning with hunger. The alpha tangled a large hand into the boy's soft, blonde locks before tightening his grip slightly and giving a small tug. The omega let out a pleasured whimper and started to increase his pace, pumping with a soft grip whatever he couldn't fit in his mouth. Drool and spit were leaking down the sides of his shaft, leaving a wet, shiny coating on the alpha's cock.

Jungkook watched how the boy took him into his mouth greedily, letting out small whimpers and needy moans as he tried to fit in more of Jungkook's length. The visual of his reddened lips stretching around his girth and the feeling of his soft but strong tongue massaging the underside of his shaft was enough to bring the alpha towards his climax.



Jungkook hurried the pace of his strokes, imagining the wet, velvety heat of the smaller boy's mouth wrapped around his cock. With a few more firm flicks of his hand and the image of those dark hazel eyes still on his mind, he came with a soft cry escaping from his lips.

"A-ah Jimin--fuck," He moaned out, squeezing his eyes shut as thick, white ropes of cum shot onto his abdomen and spilled onto the hand that was steadily milking him through the intense orgasm. His entire body relaxed at the release of tension and his head lolled to the side.

Jungkook's eyes lazily slid open as he panted slightly, a little out of breath just from the thought of the omega on his knees in front of him. He sat there in what felt like a drunken daze as his thoughts slowly started coming back to him.

The alpha shook his head a little bit in disbelief at the visuals he had just been conjuring in his mind. For a second he felt a little guilty for the imagery he had just created of the smaller boy for his own pleasure, but shook those thoughts off as he painfully remembered he may never experience the real thing.

A man can dream.



Except Jungkook had been dreaming--a lot.

Maybe a little too much. His mind constantly bombarded him with thoughts of the blond boy to the point where he felt as though he was nearing the brink of his patience threshold.

And that was saying a lot since Jungkook considered himself to be a very patient man.

Things were just so much different with Jimin. It was becoming increasingly difficult to hold back his constant thoughts of wanting to be with the beautiful omega--to claim him, to mark him, and scent him. To make him his, permanently. It was almost impossible to hold himself back around him, especially now that they had been growing more and more comfortable with each other.

The way Jimin would look at him, or would casually invade his personal space when they worked together. The touches, smiles, and looks. It was driving his wolf insane. It was driving him insane.

There was a moment when he briefly considered having Jimin and the other students move to a different room for their future tutoring sessions, as to not allow himself the temptation of having the vanilla boy that close to him, but he threw away the idea almost immediately. Jungkook didn't want the omega to be any further away from him than he already was. He craved his presence like no other.

It might have been a selfish and greedy decision, but he wasn't about to send his omega away if he could help it. It would be so much more painful to never see the boy--to never be able to smell his intoxicating scent up close.



The alpha was absolutely screwed either way, he had accepted this fact a long ago. Park Jimin was going to be the death of him.



Jungkook groaned at the thought and sat up in his bed. He reached over onto his nightstand and grabbed a few tissues to rid himself of the proof of how aroused he had just been at the thought of his student. Once he wiped the sticky mess off of his stomach, he got out of bed and walked into his bathroom to throw away the soiled napkins before he quickly jumped in the shower to finish cleaning himself.

Once he was done, he dried off and walked out into his large room to find an outfit for the day. It didn't take him long to decide on a dark emerald green dress shirt, black pants, and a black tie.

As he walked out of his room he glanced towards the time on his watch and decided that he would stop somewhere on campus for coffee instead of waiting for it to brew at home. He snatched his keys off of the counter and grabbed his bag before leaving his apartment.

When he shut the door and locked it, he found himself smiling at the thought of being able to see a certain beautiful, hazel-eyed omega waiting for him in his first class. Jungkook let the thoughts race through his mind as he skipped down the stairs of the building and strolled to his car.



...



Jimin closed his eyes in anticipation and moaned gently as the hot liquid hit his tongue and ran down his throat. He swallowed it down in a few small gulps and pulled away, licking a stripe along his bottom lip to taste what remained of the delicious but slightly bitter flavor.

"Fuck, so good."

He opened his eyes to see a pair of brown ones staring back at him in complete awe.

"I will never understand how you can take it like that." He said.

Jimin just smirked and rested his hand on the edge of the table before bringing himself out of his daze. He let out a sleepy giggle.

"It's just coffee, Tae."

Taehyung gave him an incredulous look accompanied by a small smile before leaning back in his seat. Jimin wrapped his hands that were half-covered by his sweater sleeves around the warm cup in front of him. He then leaned down to inhale the rich aroma before letting his eyes wander around the room.

It was Wednesday morning and the two were sitting at a little booth in their favorite coffee shop. Instead of grabbing their drinks to-go, Taehyung had woken Jimin up early and suggested to the half-asleep omega that they should actually sit down and have breakfast together today. He hadn't been able to see the smaller boy often because of their busy schedules and Jimin's late nights dancing or tutoring, and insisted that he was really starting to miss him.

The blond had agreed, although a little reluctantly in his tired state. He had wanted to get more rest since his dance practice the night before was especially demanding on his body, but eventually perked up at the thought of being able to sit down and savor his coffee before the long day of classes and tutoring ahead of him.

Jimin had thrown on one of his oversized cream-colored sweaters and a pair of light-wash skinny jeans after checking the predicted temperatures for the day. He considered it to be pretty cold so he went with something that would keep him cozy and comfortable, knowing if he wore anything less he would be freezing. Taehyung had, of course, teased him about it like he usually did.

After a quick styling of his hair and an application of some rose-tinted chapstick, the two had left the apartment while the sun was still rising.



But Jimin wasnt complaining. He had to admit that being here this early was one of the most relaxing things ever. The blond had suggested they sit near the window where the morning sun could wash over them--and that mixed with his warm attire and scalding drink was enough to make him want to curl up in a ball and purr the rest of the day away. It was his favorite thing.



Jimin watched as Taehyung gripped his own cold, sweet beverage in his hands before leaning down to take a sip from the straw.

"Yeah but like, there's no flavor or anything. And you drink it before it has barely even cooled down," said the omega as he picked up a glob of whipped cream onto his straw before licking it off, "You're kind of a badass."

The smaller boy just snorted and held the cup back to his lips to take another sip before speaking.

"If liking black coffee makes me a badass, I'll take it." He laughed quietly.

They sat there for a few moments, and Jimin quickly noticed that the other boy had fallen quiet. He looked as though he was contemplating something as he stared into his drink, eyes unfocused but still shining.

"So are you going to tell me more about this alpha you keep daydreaming about or just leave me hanging?" Jimin resisted the urge to giggle at his friend's state. It was cute.

Taehyung looked up from where he was absentmindedly stirring the contents of the cup in front of him and blushed slightly.

"Who says I'm daydreaming about someone?" He questioned, an innocent smile on his face. Jimin just gave him a knowing look and cocked an eyebrow. Taehyung continued, "Okay, you're right."

Jimin just smirked at his best friend, "I knew it. So?"

Taehyung smiled softly, "Well, there isn't a whole lot to say yet. I did ask him to work on that project together and he said yes. We talked a little and it turns out he's friends with Hobi-hyung. Small world I guess."

Jimin tilted his head a little and admired the smile spreading across his best friend's face, "Well, I still want to meet him. Maybe you could invite him to keep you company while you watch us dance tomorrow."

Taehyung looked as though he was considering it for a couple of seconds before nodding, "I could do that."

A huge smile spread across Jimin's face and he reached out to grab his friend's hand that was resting on the table, "I'll try not to scare him off. Promise."

The younger boy just laughed at that. Jimin squeezed his hand and they both took a sip of their drinks, a comfortable silence spreading between them.

It was definitely quite peaceful in the little coffee shop. Not many people usually frequented it, which Jimin appreciated on days when they were running late and the line wasn't terribly long. Not to mention the coffee was much better than what he had tasted at most of the popular chain cafés, and even though Taehyung would say that he couldn't taste a difference or that his coffee didn't have any flavor, Jimin had to disagree.

As he was savoring one of the last sips of his warm drink and daydreaming about a certain rich coffee scent, he noticed a familiar face turning away from the counter. Jimin met eyes with the girl and she smiled brightly before waving and walking straight towards him.

"Jimin-ssi! Hey!" She said cheerfully.

The omega's stomach dropped a little bit at the sight of her, but returned her smile with a delicate one of his own, "Hello, Miyoung-ssi."

"Do you come here a lot? How come I've never seen you here before?" She asked, taking a long, obnoxious sip of her iced coffee.

"Oh...we don't usually sit down and hang around too long. It's almost always just a quick in and out." Jimin answered, feeling a little annoyed but not daring to show it.

Taehyung gave them a confused look, and the girl noticed. She smiled at the taller boy, but he looked a little apprehensive of her because of Jimin's less-enthusiastic greeting. Jimin continued to speak.

"Taehyungie, this is Miyoung, she's one of the girls I've been tutoring," The omega watched as his friend looked back towards the girl with a tight smile. The two quickly greeted each other.

"It's so nice to meet you!" She said, offering the briefest smile before turning back to Jimin, "We're still on for tonight, right?"

The blond nodded, shuffling a little in his seat, "Correct."

"Great! Can't wait." Miyoung said enthusiastically, with a little hint of something else in her voice. There was a pause before she lowered it slightly and leaned forward towards Jimin as if to start gossiping.

"And wow, we really did luck out with that professor of ours, didn't we? I mean--usually I would never care so much about math but...Professor Jeon really is something else." She paused, laughing off her remark. Jimin snapped his head up towards her with wide eyes as she continued, "Like seriously. If he wasn't our professor I would totally be going after that knot--"

Jimin paled, and he felt his blood begin to boil. He held the edge of the table in an iron grip while he listened to her words.

"--I mean, who knows. Maybe that won't stop me. Just don't tell anyone if anything happens." Miyoung was still laughing.



Jimin wasn't.



His smile had disappeared completely and he could barely look her in the eyes without feeling the burning desire to claw her throat out. He almost couldn't hold back the scowl that was threatening to appear on his face.

The blonde girl clutched her drink and Jimin watched how her nails wrapped around the cup. He was quickly reminded of how those same nails had been wrapped around Jungkook's arm and he thought he was going to be sick. With a brief glance towards Taehyung--who looked almost disgusted with the omega standing in front of them--he straightened in his seat.

"He's very good at his job." He forced out, voice a little strained. Jimin had to release his grip from the table so the other two wouldn't be able to see the slight tremor in his hands.

Miyoung just blinked. It looked as though she was slightly confused as to why Jimin hadn't agreed with her or played along.

"Well, yeah. Totally." She took a sip of her drink awkwardly.

Jimin needed to calm himself down. He needed to control himself. It shouldn't be this hard. Miyoung wasn't a bad person after all, and she had never done anything wrong to Jimin. There was no need for him to act this way towards her.

The blond smiled gently in response, "I'll see you tonight."

Miyoung looked as though she was relieved, then gave a small wave, "Yeah, cool. See ya!"

With that, she turned and walked through the entrance of the shop. The blond let out the breath he didn't know he was holding and looked towards his friend. Taheyung had a seriously displeased expression on his face.

"I don't like her." There was finality in his voice.

Jimin couldn't help but let out a small laugh at his bluntness.

"You don't know her."

Taehyung just shook his head and took one final sip of his drink, "No, but I can tell you don't like her. She clearly makes you uncomfortable."

There was a long moment where Jimin sat without saying a word. It wasn't that he didn't like her --he just didn't like how she looked at and talked about his alpha.



He didn't correct himself this time.



Taehyung reached out to grab his hand again, "So are you going to tell me what the hell all of that was about?"

Jimin shook his head slightly, a little embarrassed. He knew Taehyung was referring to his reaction to Miyoung's words but he didn't want to get into it, "Nothing, Tae. We should get going."

His best friend looked like he didn't believe him in the slightest, but didn't push it.

"Okay."

Jimin slid out of his booth and stood, grabbing the empty coffee cup from the table and throwing it in the waste bin near the front counter. Taehyung was following close behind him.

The smaller boy was still in a little bit of a daze--head tilted slightly downward and mind elsewhere--as he pushed open the door to exit the building. He hadn't noticed the man in front of him who had simultaneously pulled the door open towards himself.

Jimin didn't have enough time to register what was happening before he stumbled over the threshold of the entryway and slammed face-first into the person's solid chest. The omega tried to brace himself and instinctively threw his hands out to grab onto anything that could save him from falling backward. He ended up fisting his hands into the man's shirt as a pair of strong arms wrapped themselves around his torso to hold him up.

"Jimin?"

It hit him all at once. The voice, the scent, the familiar warm feeling of his large hands on his back. The omega looked up into a pair of surprised brown eyes.

"J--Professor!" Jimin exclaimed, taken aback.

He took the brief moment to appreciate how nice it felt to be in the man's embrace--his strong arms wrapped tightly around Jimin's small waist and their chests pressed together, faces only a foot apart--before Jungkook was slowly pulling away. The alpha slid his hands away from Jimin's back to rest gently on his waist for a moment before the omega was able to stand on his own. Jimin's heart was racing and he felt the wave of warmth dissipate from around him as he straightened his posture and Jungkook let go.

"Shit, I'm so sorry. I wasn't really watching in front of me."

Jimin straightened his clothes a little bit and noticed how he had crinkled the alpha's shirt in the process of falling into him. Without thinking, he reached out and ran a hand down the folds of the dark green fabric, smoothing them out. Jungkook didn't flinch at the action, but smiled instead.

"No need to apologize. Are you okay?"

Jimin realized his actions and quickly pulled his hand away from the man in front of him, then nodded his head.

"Y-yes, I'm fine."

The omega blushed slightly as they made eye contact for a few seconds. Jungkook ducked his head slightly and Jimin noticed that he also seemed a little flustered as he stepped aside, allowing the two omegas to fully exit the shop. Jimin hadn't noticed that Taehyung had just been standing there holding the door open for them the entire time.

"Good." He beamed, then cleared his throat, "I'll see you two in class." The alpha was smiling kindly, eyes lingering on Jimin for a few seconds before he turned and walked inside.

As the door swung closed, Jimin started walking down the sidewalk, avoiding his best friend's questioning gaze.

Taehyung quickly caught up with him and intertwined their arms. It was silent for a few minutes, and Jimin's mind continued to reel with thoughts of the alpha. His friend leaned over and sniffed at his shoulder a few times before moving away.

"You two smell good together."

Jimin could feel his face heating up at the comment but brought the fabric of his sweater up to his nose anyways. There was a hint of coffee and cinnamon lingering there, and Jimin knew he was going to be taking the piece of clothing off later to put inside his nest.

He paused for a second, considering his words. Jimin quickly decided that there was no use hiding his thoughts around Taehyung. His wolf was preening.

The omega smiled proudly.



"I know."







Notes:
leave a comment with your thoughts! <3

my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here

Chapter 10: Bitter
Notes:
hello :) thank you for all of the wonderful and lovely comments from the last chapter, I enjoyed hearing all of your thoughts <3

this chapter is a little bit of a turning point for this fic....

I hope you enjoy <3

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
Jimin ran a hand through his hair as he hurriedly pushed open the door to exit the classroom. He had just gotten done learning about Asian literature but ended up staying way too long afterward asking his professor questions about their upcoming essay. As he checked the time on his phone, he realized he was almost running late to his tutoring session--it was only a couple minutes until five, and Professor Jeon's office was half-way across the campus. With a hand tightly fastened around the strap of his bag and his phone clutched in the other, he began to start up a mild jog as he weaved through the remaining kids that were strolling along in the hallways.

He absolutely did not want to be late for his session as he remembered the text he had received from Miyoung that morning saying that she had to leave early tonight due to her having other plans. It wouldn't be fair to her or his professor if he wasn't on time. Not to mention it was just unprofessional. Even if he hadn't been getting paid he still could never see himself being late for something he had previously agreed to. It wasn't in his nature.

With a glance towards his phone, he started to move his legs a little faster. The faces of his classmates around him were flying by in a blur and he felt his cheeks flushing a little bit from the slight exertion. Jimin thanked his long nights of dancing for his above-average stamina at that moment.



As he got a little closer to his destination, Jimin let his mind start to wander to thoughts of Jungkook from that morning in class. When they had arrived, they were one of the first ones in the room, and the omega let himself relax into his seat to think about the run-in he had with his professor at the café.

Jimin had subconsciously pulled the neck of his sweater up to smell the lingering scent from the alpha as he remembered the feeling of being pressed up against him. His neck and lips had been so close, close enough that if Jimin wanted to he could have barely moved forward to brush his lips against his scent gland. Jungkook's scent was also stronger and headier than Jimin could remember it being previously. There was a fresh musk emanating from him, and he hadn't wanted the alpha to let go of him so he could breathe it in for hours.

However, the blond did notice that something was a little off with him, and when Jungkook had arrived to class, he seemed much more hesitant to look the omega in the eyes throughout his lecture.

Of course, Jimin knew that the man had a job to do and obviously shouldn't spend all of his time watching one of his students, but the blond missed their frequent prolonged glances and the little sparks of energy they shared between themselves. When their eyes did meet, the alpha would only hold his gaze for a second before turning back to continue teaching the class. After one of their brief glances, Jimin thought he had noticed a small blush creeping up the alpha's neck, but couldn't tell for sure from his seat. It just didn't make sense.

And Taehyung had even caught onto his hesitancy to look their way as well. When the two omegas stood up to leave, Jungkook had given them a brief nod and a small smile and not much more. The taller omega had looked toward Jimin as if waiting for an answer to what was going on--but he didn't have one.

Jimin thought that maybe it was possible that he was just overanalyzing the alpha's actions, but he couldn't help it. The omega felt as though they had taken a step back in the progress they had made in becoming more comfortable around each other. Or maybe he was just imagining the connection they had--maybe the alpha didn't even feel anything particularly special towards him in the first place. After all, he was just his student. Maybe Jungkook was just nice like that.

Jimin didn't know. But he did know he hadn't imagined the spark between them previously, and he still felt it whenever they were close to one another. It made him that much more confused.

The omega was almost sure this was just a sign that he should give up. Give up what, though? Jungkook was off-limits anyways.



As Jimin turned the corner into the hallway that his professor's office was in, he found himself holding his breath and letting out a loud yelp as he ran straight into a boy who had just walked out of one of the adjacent classrooms. Before Jimin knew it there were papers flying in the air and a generous amount of ice-cold liquid was seeping into the fabric of his sweater, causing a chill to run down his spine. The blond heard a slew of curse words and apologies coming from in front of him as the reality of the situation settled in.

"Shit! Oh my god--shit shit shit. I'm so sorry."

Jimin straightened himself out and started to brush off his clothes for the second time that day-- how do you even manage that, Jimin? --before looking up towards the boy who was kneeling down and gathering what looked like an entire book's worth of sheet music. Jimin quickly dismissed the dark liquid soaking into his sweater and kneeled down to help him organize the papers into small stacks before handing them to him. When their eyes connected Jimin could see a flash of remorse flooding into the boy's gaze, so he gave him a reassuring smile as he handed him the remaining sheets. Before Jimin could open his mouth to speak, he was cut off.

"Oh shit, I got my iced coffee all over your sweater. Look, man, I'm so sorry. I feel so bad--"

Jimin stood and gripped onto the strap of his bag. The boy, who the blond could tell was an alpha based off of his woody scent, was running his hand through his hair and frantically spewing words.

"--I really should be getting more sleep...I didn't even hear you coming. I can buy you another sweater if you'd like. Or here, you can take my sweatshirt--"

The silver-haired boy started reaching for the strap of his bag to take it off and Jimin shot out a hand to stop him.

"Hey, it's no problem, really! Don't worry about the sweater--I have plenty of them. And I was the one in a rush," the blond noticed the man relax a little bit at his words, and glanced towards the messy pile of papers in his arms, "Sorry if I messed up all of your sheet music."

"Oh--no it's cool. It won't take me long to organize again," the boy paused, looking as though he was preparing to walk away, "You're sure about the sweater?"

Jimin smiled softly to ease his slightly worried look, "I'm sure, thanks."

The silver-haired man nodded and returned the omega's look with a small, shy smile of his own.

"Cool--okay. I'll let you get to wherever you were running to then," another small pause as he started to walk backward with a small wave, "Sorry again."

Jimin watched as the man strode away and took a moment to gather himself. He caught a small whiff of the alpha's scent when he started walking.

Sandalwood. Why does that sound so familiar...



The blond shook himself of his thoughts and started back up his fast pace towards the end of the hallway. He glanced down at his stained, wet sweater, and sighed deeply. It was going to be uncomfortable and slightly embarrassing to sit in for the next hour or so, and there was absolutely no time to run home and put something else on. After considering it for a moment, Jimin quickly darted into the bathroom that was just to the left of him in the hallway and raced to the sink. He grabbed a few wads of paper towel and ran it under the water without letting it warm up first before bringing it up to soak into the thick fabric. As he dabbed the dark stain and it started to lighten, he hissed at the cold water soaking into his skin. He hastily threw away the damp, soiled clumps of tissue before grabbing a small handful to begin drying it. However, with another quick glance down at his phone to see he was already running a few minutes late to his session, he let out a distressed noise and threw away the remaining paper towel without properly drying himself. He began to shiver and could feel goosebumps rising on his skin as he pushed himself out of the door and completed the rest of the distance towards his professor's office. When he was only a few feet away, he slowed his pace and quickly fixed his clothing and hair before walking into the room as casually as he could.

"Hi--I'm so sorry I'm late."

When he looked up towards the man sitting behind the desk and saw what he had walked into, his heart sunk a little bit. Miyoung was already there, and she was sitting in Jimin's usual spot with her chair pulled right up next to the alpha, who was slightly leaning away from her in his seat.

Jungkook's eyes widened as he saw Jimin's flushed and disheveled state.

"Jimin--what happened?" The blond watched as the alpha's eyes trailed down his body towards the large wet area on his stomach.

Jimin gave the girl sitting next to Jungkook a hesitant look before he set his bag down and sat at the empty chair on the opposite side of the desk. When the blond met her eyes, she beamed at him and tilted her head towards Jungkook with a wiggle of her eyebrow. In Jimin's slightly irritated state, he kept a straight face and ignored the implication behind her gesture, not offering her a smile.

"I accidentally ran into someone in the hallway--got iced coffee spilled all over me. It's my fault for being so clumsy," He said, not letting his eyes trail away from the girl. He wanted to walk over to the other side of the desk and pull her out of the seat, his seat, but thought it wouldn't be smart to make a scene, "We can get started now."

With a pout, the omega girl stood up from her chair and brought it around to set it down next to Jimin. Her papers were already sitting on the desk in front of them, and Jimin assumed they had been working on them before he had walked in. He didn't know why she felt the need to sit so close to their professor, but forced the nagging thoughts from his mind and pulled out his own worksheets.

He sighed and tried to get comfortable in his seat, but was still shivering due to the large damp spot on his clothes. It was times like these when he was jealous of Taehyung's excessive body heat, and cursed himself for not putting another layer on underneath his sweater.

As Miyoung started trying out the first problem on her own, Jimin glanced up towards the alpha and found that he was already watching him with an unrecognizable expression on his face. The omega felt a little embarrassed to be sitting there in his current state in front of the man, as he knew he definitely didn't look his best, or anything close to it.

He wanted to curl up in a ball and hide, preferably in his nest, but wilted a little bit at the thought of having to immediately discard the article of clothing when he got home instead of curling up with it pressed against his nose to inhale what remained of the alpha's scent. Jimin felt a little pathetic at how much of a damper the realization actually put on his mood. He couldn't help but feel irritated and a little sad because of the situation he was in.

In front of him, Jungkook shifted in his seat slightly, and Jimin watched as the man curled his hand into a fist on the top of the desk. The blond didn't know if his mind was fooling him, but he thought he could smell a bitter shift in the alpha's scent as his eyes fixated onto the front of his sweater again before moving away towards the stack of papers sitting in front of him.

Jimin just grabbed his pen from his bag and clicked it open to begin helping Miyoung with her work.

As the two worked together for the next hour, Jimin continued to shiver every once in a while. The wet spot on the front of his clothing had barely dried due to the thickness of the fabric, and as time went on he caught himself constantly glancing at the time on his phone.

While he desperately wanted to stay with the alpha and work on other things when Miyoung left, Jimin was really starting to feel more uncomfortable the longer he sat there. He also didn't know if Jungkook was going to want him to stay based on his hesitancy towards him in class and the negative shift to the man's scent. He almost wanted to ask about it when the girl left, but decided to just observe him subtly instead.



As time passed, Jimin noticed how restless the alpha across from him was becoming. Whenever the blond dared to look over at him, Jungkook was--more often than not--watching him instead of focusing on his own work. Jimin would notice how he would frequently tap his fingers against his leg or push his tongue against the inside of his cheek--or how he would glance at the girl sitting next to Jimin with an almost irritated look, almost as if he didn't like the fact that she was in the room with them.

He considered the fact that he could have been imagining that part, but he definitely wasn't imagining the newfound bitterness of the alpha's scent in the air that was starting to burn his throat and lungs. It smelled almost as if he was slightly distressed, and Jimin didn't like it at all. He wished he knew what was going through Jungkook's mind at that moment--what was causing the shift in his demeanor from its usually relaxed and inviting state.

In between him explaining to Miyoung how to complete certain problems or apply specific equations or concepts, Jimin noticed that there was a tense silence in the air, but he wasn't sure if the other two had felt it or not.

If Miyoung could sense it, she definitely didn't seem to care. She was too focused on biting the tip of her pencil or shooting flirty looks towards the alpha in front of them. While Jungkook usually didn't notice her glances, Jimin always did and it only caused his slightly distressed state to heighten as their hour dragged by. He really wasn't used to feeling so uncomfortable during his tutoring sessions, but today was really starting to test him.

When the girl finished one of the last problems in her packet--with a large amount of Jimin's help--the blond was relieved to see her start to pack up her things. As he looked at his phone, he saw that their hour was almost finished.

"I'm sorry I couldn't stay longer today, and I definitely won't be able to meet on Friday--but we could meet next week again, yeah?" She said, twirling her hair slightly around her finger, books pressed up against her chest. Jimin wasn't really sure if she was talking to him or their professor when she said it, as she was facing Jimin but her eyes were on Jungkook.

A little swell of relief and satisfaction bubbled up inside him when he noticed Jungkook barely returned her gaze, and instead looked back over to watch him as he spoke.

The blond just nodded slightly, holding back a particularly intense shiver, "Sure, whatever works for you."

The smile she gave Jimin paled in comparison to the smug one she gave their professor and the blond wanted to wipe it clean off of her face. Jungkook just nodded politely before she turned and walked out the door.

Jimin was about to follow in her footsteps and pack up his own things to leave, but Jungkook was already getting out of his seat.

The omega watched as he walked over to the door and glanced outside into the hallway before coming back in and closing it. When he turned to face Jimin again, the look on his face made the smaller boy shiver--and this time it wasn't just from the cold. Jungkook looked serious.

Jimin stayed in his seat and watched carefully as the alpha took a few long strides over to the chair next to him and once again brought it around the desk to set it right next to his own. Jungkook immediately sat in his own seat and faced the omega. Their eyes met again, and Jimin wasn't sure what to do. He almost couldn't find it in himself to move due to the man's intense gaze.

Before he had the chance to question the alpha's actions, he spoke.



"Come here."



There was an air of finality in his voice, almost demanding but at the same time soft and inviting. Jimin shivered again, and a jolt of excitement flooded through his body at the tone. He couldn't help but obey.

The omega stood from his seat and moved to the other side of the desk. When he saw just how close Jungkook had placed his chair next to his own, he gulped. The alpha was waiting patiently, eyes not moving from where they were focused on the smaller man.

With slightly shaky hands, Jimin moved around the chair to sit down, and instantly felt a wave of warmth rush over him at the sudden proximity to his professor. He folded his hands in his lap and slightly shivered again due to the contrasting temperatures of his body--the cold, wet feeling from his shirt mixing with the heat emanating from the larger man next to him.

Jimin tilted his head up to look into Jungkook's brown eyes and was met with the same unreadable expression from before. Just as he was wondering whether or not he was going to be asked to help with anything, Jungkook broke the silence.

"Here," the alpha reached behind himself and pulled what looked to be a black jacket off of the back of his chair. Jimin hadn't noticed it before, but it must have been Jungkook's that he had brought and put there from a different day. The alpha held it out, "Lean forward."

Jimin did as he was told, still a little confused as to what was going on. When he leaned forward in his seat, he found himself in a state of shock as the man extended his arms with the jacket and reached around the smaller boy to hold it open behind him and rest it on his shoulders.

The realization of what had happened hit him as a sudden wave of cinnamon and rich coffee surrounded him and invaded his nose and lungs. Jimin shot his eyes over towards his professor, then looked down at the black fabric that was encompassing him. He felt dizzy with the scent.



His professor had just given him his jacket. Jungkook had just given him his jacket.



The blond had to break himself out of his swirling thoughts and intense daze. He turned towards the man sitting next to him, who was already watching the omega--waiting for his next move with a hesitant look on his face.

"You were freezing," Jungkook said, a hint of worry in his features.

Jimin felt his heart swell at the action, but also couldn't really believe what was happening at the same time.

"T-thank you," He stuttered, "You didn't have to--"

"--I know, but I wanted to. You looked miserable, and I don't want you to get sick on your way home." The alpha finished, his voice much softer than before.

Jimin noticed the shift in his tone and turned to look him straight in the eyes. The indecipherable expression was gone and Jimin could see clearly now how worried he was. There was something else there, too. Jimin thought it looked like affection.

The omega then wondered if the alpha's worry had anything to do with the bitterness of his scent from before. That seemed to be the only answer at this point. And if it wasn't, Jungkook still cared enough to offer him his own jacket when he noticed it. That had to mean something. Right?



The two didn't pull their gaze away from each other. Jungkook's arm was still resting around the back of the blond's chair and their sides were once again pushed slightly together. Jimin watched with wide eyes as the man brought his arms around to the front of him to pull the sides of the jacket closer together, wrapping him snuggly inside of it.

"There..." Jungkook trailed off.

Jimin's breath hitched as he watched him move his gaze from the jacket to look at his lips. The alpha was still gripping the lapels of the jacket as he leaned in a little closer, not taking his focus off of the omega's mouth. Jimin couldn't help the sudden increase in the rate of his breathing when Jungkook's thumb came up to graze against his neck where the edge of the collar met the skin in long, steady strokes.

Jimin felt as though he was now burning up from the sensation--a huge contrast from the freezing state he was previously in. It was a dizzying feeling.

"Jimin..."

The blond waited in anticipation for something, anything. He didn't know what. They were so close now, he could just barely lean forward and their lips would be touching.

"Yes?" He let out quietly.

Something flashed in Jungkook's eyes when he tore them away from the omega's lips. They moved up to study the rest of the smaller boy's features, almost as if he was trying to commit them to memory.

Jimin let out a small gasp when the thumb that had been previously caressing his neck came to stroke his cheekbone. This was it. The line between what as right and what was wrong was now hazy, and his desires were finally going to win over his logic.

Jimin wondered if Jungkook was contemplating those same thoughts in his own mind as well. From the look in his eyes, it seemed like he might have been.

However, the alpha was now pulling his hand away slowly. Jimin didn't want him to, he wanted Jungkook to know that it was okay.



"Jung--"

"You should get going--"

They both spoke at the same time.



Oh.



Jimin quickly silenced himself when he realized what he had said, and with that, Jungkook was pulling away from him for the second time that day. He barely heard what the alpha was saying as he was left in a daze.

"--get a change of clothes. I can finish the rest of this by myself."

He didn't know what to say. He didn't care about his clothes at that moment, not anymore, but Jimin had no choice but to agree.

"O-okay."

There was a short silence between them where they held each other's gazes. The omega felt slightly embarrassed when he realized he had probably read the situation wrong. It definitely felt like the alpha wanted it too, but then he remembered how the man had been almost avoiding him earlier in the day. He didn't know whether or not to consider these mixed signals since the man was his professor--either way, his confidence was starting to wane a little bit.

He slowly stood from his seat, not noticing how Jungkook's expression matched his own confused and slightly solemn one.

"Yeah. I should go," Jungkook was standing from his own seat now, but Jimin continued, "Are you sure about the jacket?"

Jungkook answered without hesitation, "Of course. Please, take it with you."

Jimin allowed himself a small smile before turning towards the door, but he didn't make much of an effort to walk away until he heard the alpha following behind him. Once they were next to each other, Jimin didn't hesitate before turning towards the man whose jacket was still wrapped around his shoulders.

"Thank you again."

Jungkook shook his head and reached out his hand to smooth out the lapel of the jacket, "No need to thank me. Bring it back whenever."

Jimin looked into the man's eyes and suddenly felt very brave again due to their close proximity. He couldn't help it, so he brought his own hand up and brushed his fingers against the alphas which were still resting on the collar of the jacket. The omega was delighted to see that Jungkook didn't move his hand away and that the familiar comfortability that they had previously shared was back yet again. Jimin ducked his head slightly at the intense gaze from the man standing in front of him.

"I guess I'll be seeing you next week since no one has asked me to tutor them this Friday." The blond said, a hint of sadness in his tone.

Neither of them moved their hands away and Jungkook just delicately rubbed the fabric that rested over Jimin's collarbone. The alpha hesitated for a second so Jimin looked up at him. The look they shared was incredibly soft, and Jimin felt even more relaxed than he previously did--the confusion from before was evaporating.

"If you want, I'm sure I can find something for us to do on Friday."

He smiled shyly. That was exactly what he wanted, and now it was obvious to him that Jungkook wanted it, too.

"Sounds like a plan."

The blond didn't want to pull his hand away. He wanted to grab Jungkook's hand and take him with him. The alpha must have noticed his hesitation and slowed down the rubbing motion of his hand before bringing it up to rest on his neck. Jimin almost purred at the action, but let his hand fall and closed his eyes to focus on controlling himself.

The smaller boy only allowed himself to open them back up when he felt the warm hand pull away from him. Jungkook smiled and stepped back, and the omega took that as his cue that he should be going now. The two of them separated with small waves and the omega departed.

When he walked away, he couldn't help but allow an elated smile to spread across his face.





...





As Jimin turned the knob of the door to his apartment and stepped inside he let out a long breath.

He kicked off his shoes and quickly noticed that he was alone. Taehyung must have been spending time with Hoseok or staying late at school to work on a project with his mystery man. Jimin let out a small laugh at the thought of Taehyung daydreaming about the boy who he had yet to meet. Of course, he couldn't give him too much shit about it considering he had it just as bad for a certain doe-eyed alpha.

The blond dropped his bag on the dining table and thought back to the events that had occurred throughout the day. He wasn't entirely sure what he was doing, and he sure as hell didn't know exactly what was happening between him and his professor. All he knew was that he liked it, and he wanted to keep doing it. Mixed signals or not, everything that happened between them just felt so right.

Jimin reached for the jacket he was wearing to take it off but hesitated. Instead of leaving it in the hallway where Taehyung would see it and ultimately ask too many questions, he brought it straight into his room with him and shut the door. Jimin then unwrapped it from his shoulders and set it down on his bed so he could finish taking off the rest of his clothes.

Once his jeans and the slightly damp sweater was off and placed into his clothes hamper, he slid into a looser fitting pair of shorts and an oversized t-shirt before immediately going over to his bed to crawl into his nest. When he found himself in the center of the warm pile of blankets and sheets, he allowed himself to lay back and take a few deep breaths. It was exactly what he needed after such a long day, but he felt like something was missing.

He opened his eyes back up and sat up to search for something, and once his eyes found what he was looking for, he immediately grabbed it and pulled it into the nest with him. He held the black jacket in his hands for a moment before he opened it to slide his arms through the sleeves and secure it tightly around his body.

He immediately started purring loudly as the scent surrounded him and filled his senses, so he curled back up with it and held the collar firmly to his nose.

Jimin let himself get lost in the comforting mix of smells, and without even trying to, he fell asleep within minutes.



Notes:
leave a comment if you enjoyed <3 see you next time... ;)

my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here

Chapter 11: Kiss Me...
Notes:
helloooo! hey. so um...this chapter accidentally ended up being really long. whoops....also thank you so much seriously. I never thought anyone was going to end up reading this when I started posting so it makes me so happy to know that you guys are enjoying it even a little bit, it literally makes my heart hurt- in a good way <3



so now...I hope you enjoy<3

:)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Thursday



Jimin took a long, deep breath as he bent his entire body forward across his extended legs to grab his feet and rest his forehead right below his knees. He let his body tense up as he pointed his toes forward and squeezed his shoulder blades together, then he relaxed into the stretch and lifted his head when he heard his friend speaking.

"Where's Tae?"

Jimin hummed as he checked towards the door again for any sign of his friend. They were in the dance studio preparing for their practice and there were a few other students surrounding them, all of them doing their own warm-up stretches and exercises. There was still no sight of the brunette omega, so Jimin turned his head toward the clock on the wall to see it was well past the time Taehyung usually arrived when he would come alone instead of with Jimin. He leaned backward from where he was bent in half to get a better view past a few students, but still found nothing. The blond turned back towards his friend.

"He should be here soon...I think. He told me he was bringing someone so maybe that's why he's taking longer. "

The beta across from him who was sitting forward in his almost perfect side split cocked his head, "Who?"

"An alpha he has a thing for. I told him he should invite him because I wanted to meet him. It's someone you know I'm pretty sure." Jimin spread his legs out sideways and leaned his entire body down towards his left leg in another stretch.

Hoseok side-eyed him, "Someone I know?"

"Yup," Jimin said as he closed his eyes with a blissful smile when he felt the tense muscles in his back loosening from his new position.

"Huh, okay. Except I don't have a lot of alpha friends...the only person I can think of is--"

Just as Jimin was going to move into a side split, a flustered-looking Taehyung walked through the door with another person trailing behind him. Jimin watched as Hoseok's eyes widened and Jimin whipped his head around to see what he was looking at. His eyes landed on his best friend and then on the man behind him.

"Hyung?" Hoseok questioned, looking stunned.

Standing next to his best friend was the boy Jimin had run into the previous day, his silver hair immediately recognizable. Jimin's eyes widened along with Hoseok's.

"Hey Hoseok..." the alpha turned and noticed Jimin who was still sitting there staring at the pair that had just walked in, "Oh--hey, it's you."

Jimin stood up along with the beta next to him in order to meet the other two half-way. The first thing he noticed was the contrast in the way the two of them were dressed. Taehyung was wearing his usual well-thought-out attire--a forest green shirt and a pair of nice, dark beige fitted pants and nice shoes, and the other man was wearing a black t-shirt tucked into a pair of light-wash ripped skinny jeans, sneakers, and a belt. It was unique, but it worked. The blond was a little surprised as the man was a little different than who his best friend usually went for style-wise, but he immediately disregarded that thought. He was still really cute, and Jimin had to admit they looked really good together. And looks weren't all that mattered, anyway. All that mattered was that he treated Taehyung properly, otherwise, there would be hell to pay.

--and it's not like Jimin was really one who could judge who his best friend had feelings for, anyways.



Once the omega was standing closer to the pair, he took a moment to fully observe Taehyung's current state--gently tousled hair, shirt untucked, and pupils slightly dilated. A quick look at the alpha standing next to him--who looked only slightly better-off--told him all he needed to know. Jimin smirked and shot a look towards his friend who now had a light blush dusting his cheeks. The two shared a moment of eye-contact before the alpha was speaking again.

"Did you manage to get that stain out of your sweater yesterday?"

Jimin turned his attention to the silver-haired boy with a small smile even though he was a little surprised that he was still being addressed, "I did actually, thanks."

Taehyung had a confused look on his face as he glanced between the blond boy and the alpha he had just walked in with.

"You two already know each other?"

Jimin noticed how his best friend was carefully eyeing them, and quickly intervened, "No--well, not really--"

"--I accidentally spilled my coffee on him yesterday. I wasn't looking where I was going when I left my statistics lecture and ended up running right into him. It was actually right before I came to meet you for our project." The alpha finished.

"Yeah, so we don't really know each other," Jimin added.

"Oh..." Taehyung seemed to relax at the knowledge, and gave a sheepish smile towards the blond, "Well in that case--Jiminie, this is Yoongi. Yoongi, this is Jimin." He gestured his hands between the two in order to introduce them. Yoongi nodded towards the omega and gave him a small smile while Jimin reached out to tug on Taehyung's ear gently.

"Yah--I'm your soulmate, too." The omega said with a playful smirk growing on his lips again.

"Well yeah, but he already knows that." Taehyung was a little more flustered at the slight scolding.

Jimin looked to Yoongi and he was already nodding, so with a triumphant smile, he pulled his hand away from the other omega's ear and ruffled his hair instead.

"It's nice to meet the boy that has my Taehyungie so smiley at all hours of the day," The blond smiled at the alpha whose eyebrows had shot up to his hair, then turned his body back toward Taehyung, "So are you two going to stay or do you have any other plans for tonight?" Jimin thought he already knew the answer based on the way his best friend blushed again at the question.

"Well...actually we were going to go get more of our project done, but I was going to swing back here so we could go home together once your practice ended."

Jimin gave his friend a knowing look which was met with Taehyung looking down towards the ground with another bashful smile. He could tell Hoseok was clearly holding back a laugh as he held his hand in front of his mouth and his eyes squinted slightly. Yoongi just shot him a look.

"Right..." Jimin trailed off, "I guess I'll let you two get going then, we're about to start in a minute or two."

Taehyung nodded as Hoseok and Yoongi shared a few words between themselves and said their goodbyes. The alpha turned to Jimin, "It was nice meeting you, Jimin-ah."

"You as well." Jimin smiled.

As the two turned and started to walk away, Jimin reached his hand out to grab Taehyung's arm to tug him back towards himself. Taehyung was about to let out a whine when Jimin started to pull him away but quieted as soon as he saw the look on his friend's face. The blond noticed that Hoseok had already started up a small conversation with Yoongi, so he turned towards his friend.

"Working on your project, hm?" Jimin smirked.

Taehyung blushed an even deeper shade of pink.

"Shut up."

"You're telling me about this when we get home tonight." The blond looked towards his friend, trying to get him to make eye contact.

"Yes, mother." The omega sighed dramatically.

Jimin reached out to flick the taller boy's chest, "Yah! I'm your best friend. No keeping guy stuff from me--or any stuff at all for that matter."

Taehyung just laughed at that, but then quieted and leaned over to speak at a lower volume with a smirk on his face.

"So you're going to tell me why you reeked of a certain alpha this morning and why your entire nest smelled like him?"

Silence.

Jimin blinked. He hadn't realized that Taehyung noticed the scent because he never said anything that morning when the smaller boy came out of his room. The omega must have checked on him in the middle of the night.

"Oh...no, that's nothing. He just borrowed me his jacket, is all."

The truth is, that was all. The previous day had ended in just that, the jacket. Nothing more, no matter how bad Jimin might have wanted it.

He had fallen asleep with the jacket last night and it was the deepest and most relaxing sleep he had gotten in probably his entire life. When he woke up that morning to his alarm, he didn't even feel like he needed to lay in bed for another few minutes because he felt so refreshed--and part of him really wanted to do it again tonight. And every night after that, but sadly he had to give the jacket back the next time he saw the man. He didn't want Jungkook to start thinking that he was keeping it to nest with it--even though he definitely was--because it might weird him out, and it was eventually going to stop smelling like him anyways.

Jimin was torn. Now that he had a taste of how nice it was, he was going to keep craving it, and sleep was never going to be as pleasant ever again.

The thought made him feel a slight pang of sadness in his heart.



Jimin looked back to his friend from where his gaze had slightly drifted off. Taehyung's eyebrow raised, and before he could say anything Jimin's dance instructor was calling them over. The blond turned back towards his friend and reached out to give him a quick peck on the cheek, "We'll talk tonight."

"Hmm...okay."

Taehyung looked pleased at that, so he turned and walked away to join the alpha who was now standing by the door waiting for him. Jimin watched as Yoongi put a hand on the omega's lower back to lead him out of the room, and he just shook his head with a smile and joined Hoseok who was already lined up and ready to get started.



...



Jungkook leaned back in his chair and let out a long, heavy sigh as he ran his hand through his hair. He stared at the ceiling for a few moments then turned to look at the clock on his computer screen. It was already getting late and he desperately wanted to get home. He had stayed later than usual today to work on various things after his meetings with a couple of his students, and he was exhausted.

During his office hours, he consistently got a few students a day that stopped by to say hello and ask questions. There were even a few students that came by often, and for the most part, he was glad that they were feeling comfortable enough with him to talk to him directly about their concerns with their learning or homework. It was nice to get to know some of his students because it made things more comfortable overall, and helped him to feel like he was settling in to the new environment a little better. It was honestly a professor's dream to have a good standing with the people they taught, and he felt as though he was doing a fairly good job at achieving that. Most things were going well.

However, there were certain exceptions. Well, one in particular. A blonde girl who stopped by to see him almost every single day, whether she was alone or with Jimin as her tutor--Miyoung.

The girl had started to get a little too comfortable around him, asking to stay past his office hours to get more work done--which he had solidly declined every time--or emailing him frequently and using informal speech. It was almost as though she saw him as a close friend instead of her professor, even though he had done nothing he could remember to make her feel like she could act that way around him. He had always treated her respectfully but never casually, so it didn't really make much sense.

Jungkook had casually joked about the situation with one of his colleagues yesterday after one of his classes, and they had laughed it off saying 'some people were just like that', but that didn't make him feel any more comfortable around the girl. Whenever she sat too close, or stopped by and stayed for hours without having much of anything that she needed to be working on, it bothered him.

And Jungkook could tell she bothered Jimin, too.

He could tell by how his usually playful and kind demeanor would change to a more reserved and anxious one when she was in the room. Or how he would sink in his seat a little bit whenever he caught the girl tossing flirty glances and playful remarks towards the alpha. It was evident in his body language that he was uncomfortable, too. And Jungkook despised it.

The previous day had almost been the alpha's breaking point. When Jungkook saw and smelled how distressed Jimin was during their session, he was so close to asking the girl to leave. Of course, he knew it would be unreasonable to ask one of his students to leave his office for such a reason, and he knew it wouldn't look good for him if he did it, but his wolf was howling at him to protect-- protect his omega. Thankfully it was a short session, otherwise he was sure he might have combusted trying to hold back.

But even when she left, he couldn't do everything he wanted to. Jungkook felt like what he had done might have been too much to begin with, but wouldn't have been able to live with himself if he had allowed the beautiful boy to go home in the state he was in--cold and distressed. He desperately felt as though he had to do anything he could to make sure Jimin was well and that he felt comfortable and happy.

That was the least he wanted, but he knew he had to hold himself back a little.

So Jungkook had tried to distance himself because of it, feeling as though the only thing that could hold him back was space. He had tried to avoid his usual behavior during class and was going to make it a point to keep a safe distance from the omega in his office, but no matter how hard he tried he couldn't keep himself away. Not when his beautiful hazel eyes had dimmed when he didn't meet his glances, or when his lush vanilla scent had bittered when he saw how Miyoung acted around him. He couldn't handle it.



The alpha swiveled in his chair and shifted forward in it, taking another deep breath at how worked up he was making himself just at the thought of his omega being in distress. Jungkook couldn't really help how on-edge and slightly sick it made him feel.

He took another glance to the clock before getting out of his chair to grab his stuff. Once his keys and phone were secure in his pockets, he slid his bag over his shoulder and walked out of his office. He then turned and closed the door behind him and started his long walk to his car that he had parked in one of the far lots due to some construction happening in the one he usually frequented. The alpha saw from his office window that it was now dark outside, and that mixed with the empty hallways this time at night was actually pretty peaceful. It was around 8 PM and he noticed that most of the night classes started around 9, so he would be able to enjoy his long walk in perfect solitude.

It was one of his favorite things. He rarely found time alone when he was at the university, which was understandable, so he enjoyed the brief moments of silence that much more. The alpha just felt so at ease when he was by himself, and found that he could only ever truly relax when he was. He had always been that way.

But there was an exception. The alpha noticed that the only time he had craved the company more than being alone was when he got to spend time with Jimin.

Jungkook let himself smile at that, and ended up getting lost in his thoughts of the omega as he walked. It was pretty usual for him, and he realized that whenever he let himself think of the boy it truly put his mind at peace. His smile, his laugh, and his voice, among countless other things were always at the forefront of his brain, and his thoughts usually drifted to different things all the time. But lately, without fail, he always found himself wondering if the boy was getting home safely every night, getting a good night's sleep, or eating well. The alpha hoped he was.



As he turned the corner to one of the more unfamiliar areas of the school, he found himself looking through glass windows into what looked like empty dance studios. Most of them were dark and unused at this time of night, but Jungkook noticed one light on at the end of the hall near the doors that lead to the parking lot. As he got closer, he heard a few people inside, one louder voice counting beats and the soft sounds of feet hitting the smooth wooden floors. He smiled as he thought about Jimin and how passionately he had talked about his love for dancing, and realized that this wing of the building was probably the smaller boy's home--where he spent most of his hours practicing and performing.

As the alpha walked closer to the room that was currently in use he noticed that the door was wide open and there was light gently pouring out into the hallway. When he walked past he allowed himself to glance into the room out of curiosity. He was slightly shocked to see that there was only one student in the center of the studio who was dancing while the others watched him, and it looked as though he was absolutely lost to the soft music. The boy looked as if he was almost floating on his feet in his baggy t-shirt and leggings, and within seconds he was falling into a series of delicate moves that ended in a full split. Just seeing it made Jungkook flinch at the thought of stretching that way, and he had to admit that it really was impressive. The alpha found himself absolutely captivated for a few moments. He gave dancers a lot of credit, it really was a difficult sport to perfect.

Just as Jungkook was about to walk away he caught a whiff of a familiar scent and his heart started to go haywire. He stopped in his tracks and took one last look into the room just as the boy who had previously been dancing turned towards his friends--who were now clapping for him--with a tired but satisfied grin on his face.

As soon as Jungkook saw that smile, he stilled completely.

It all made sense. The gracefulness, the passion in his dancing that poured out through every move, the small, delicate frame--the ability to captivate the alpha so quickly and effortlessly. How could it have been anyone else?

He watched as the boy laughed with the other dancers for a second. It was beautiful, seeing him completely in his element. He was happy, and Jungkook decided at that moment that he would do anything to make sure he could see that look of pure joy on the omega's face forever, no matter what it took.

A proud smile spread over the alpha's face as he took one last glance at Jimin, and then he was walking away and pushing open the doors to exit into the parking lot.





...





-Friday





Jimin held the black jacket tight against his chest as he strolled down the hallway. This time he was in no rush, as his last class had ended early, so he just took his time and tried to calm his breathing as he approached his professor's office.

Today was the first day he would be completely alone with Jungkook the entire time aside from their very first meeting. However, that meeting had been brief and Jimin wasn't entirely sure how long he would be staying to help the alpha tonight. In fact, he wasn't even sure what he would be doing but he had willingly agreed to do anything at all if it meant he could spend more time with Jungkook. It might be a little selfish, but he knew the alpha wouldn't have offered if there wasn't something he needed help with--or maybe he just wanted someone to keep him company. Either way, Jimin was okay with it.

He was still a little nervous though. While the two got along effortlessly and always either found a lot to talk about or were able to work in comfortable silence, Jimin couldn't help but overthink.

The omega glanced around the halls, and when he was met with no one in sight, he held the jacket resting in his hands up to his nose to steadily breath in a hint of the remaining scent of the alpha. It was instantly calming to the omega so he kept it there until he reached the end of the hallway. He chuckled to himself a little bit when he realized he was using the alpha's scent to calm himself down from his nervousness about being around said alpha.



As soon as he turned the corner and into his professor's office, he immediately noticed that it was empty. He took a step inside with a slightly confused look on his face before resting his bag in one of the empty chairs and sitting down in the other with the jacket held tightly against him in his lap. He decided to just wait there for a little bit as he assumed Jungkook was just off doing something else for now and would be back soon.

Jimin took the opportunity to really look around the office. He allowed himself to fully appreciate each beautiful picture hanging on the wall that Jungkook himself had taken, and then smiled at the touches of his own personality that he added to the room. There were plenty of large, important-looking books stacked together in the dark bookshelves and some fresh and healthy plants scattered in different spots. The air also smelled like him in the most mouth-watering way, and the omega wondered if anyone else found themselves in a slight daze as they entered his office because of it. Jimin knew he for sure did every time, and it was very comforting to him. In fact, he could probably curl up in one of the cushioned chairs with a warm blanket and easily drift away to sleep due to how peaceful the environment was. He loved it.

The omega let himself lean back in the chair and close his eyes while focusing on the smell. Every once in a while he would have to jolt himself awake as he caught himself actually dozing off, only proving his predictions to be correct. Jimin hoped the rest of the evening would keep him as calm as he was right now.

In a sleepy daze, he got up out of his chair and slowly pulled it over to set it next to Jungkook's. When he sat back down, he brought the jacket back up to his chest and brought his legs to rest upon the chair with him in a slightly curled-up position. He immediately got comfortable and with one more glance towards the open door, he leaned back and closed his eyes again.



...



Jungkook checked his watch to see it was exactly 5 PM as he turned from the hallway into his office, half-expecting it to be empty. However, what he walked into almost made him start cooing on the spot.

Jimin was already there, except he was not sitting like he usually did with his books and worksheets spread out over the desk. Instead, he was curled up in one of the larger chairs with none other than his own jacket pressed up to his chin, and it looked as though he had slightly dozed off. The alpha noticed he was wearing what looked to be another one of his shorter-length hoodies and a pair of tight jeans, and when Jungkook looked closer, he saw that he had on a rose-tinted lip balm of sorts that only made his lips look darker and more full from where they were resting in a slight pout. Jungkook stood in the doorway for a second admiring the adorable yet alluring nature of the omega before he turned and closed the door behind him gently, trying his hardest not to make even the slightest sound.

However, he must have failed in being quiet because when he turned he was met with a pair of hazel eyes blinking open sleepily at him. It looked as though it took the omega a few moments before he realized that Jungkook had been in the room with him, and he immediately straightened in his seat and pulled the jacket away from his face and into his lap. He sat there with a slightly-spaced out look on his face before he shot up out of his seat. Jungkook wanted to tell him it was okay and that he could sit back down and get more rest if he needed it, that he would work on his own and stay quiet, but Jimin was already talking.

"Hey! Sorry, I didn't hear you come in...I think I accidentally fell asleep. Sorry." The omega ran a hand down to smooth out his clothing.

"Hey, it's okay. Don't apologize for needing rest," Jungkook thought back to the previous day when he saw the blond dancing until late in the night, and quickly realized that he does that multiple times a week on top of tutoring, classes, studying, and a social life. He understood the need of rest completely, "You work incredibly hard, Jimin. If you'd like to continue to sleep--by all means." He motioned back towards the chair. He wanted to put the option of him staying out there before he asked him if he would rather go home and rest. Maybe it was a little selfish, but maybe he didn't sleep well at home anyway for whatever reason. He still wanted to give him the choice.

"Oh no--no I'll be okay. I got plenty of sleep last night...I think I just got too comfortable is all..." Jimin grasped the jacket in his hands and was looking at it shyly.

The corner of Jungkook's mouth turned up at his actions. He slowly approached the omega and sat down on the edge of his desk sideways facing him.

"That's okay. I don't mind if you want to get comfortable...I'd prefer it if you did actually."

Jimin was now looking at the alpha in front of him and his eyes widened slightly when he saw him sit on the sturdy desk. In their new position, they were now the same height, and Jimin was looking directly into the man's dark brown eyes that held a mix of sincerity and fondness. A small, coy smile crept onto his features.

"Oh. So you wouldn't mind if I just slept in here all the time then?" Jimin said, his smile growing. The smaller boy took a step closer to the alpha.

Jungkook's eyebrows raised slightly at the change in the omega's demeanor from shy to somewhat teasing. It made his heart beat a little faster in his chest. He really was something, and the alpha found himself getting sucked in by the blond boy's adorable yet bold personality. It was very charming.

Jungkook decided to play along, "If that's what you want, of course. Go right ahead."

Jimin was standing a little closer to him now, and the two couldn't pull their eyes away from each other. They had already clicked into their comfortable dynamic and the alpha was relieved to see Jimin in a much better mood than the previous time they had been together. His scent was much sweeter today--a sign that he was content and happy.

"Hm...well alright then. I'll keep that in mind." Something flashed in Jimin's eyes at that and Jungkook was wondering if he was actually going to take him up on the offer one day. He imagined Jimin curled up next to him looking all cute in one of his oversized sweatshirts while he worked on his own things and it made him smile.

"I brought your jacket," Jimin spoke again, and Jungkook watched as he gripped the material in his hands, almost as if he was hesitating to give it back. The alpha wanted to tell him to keep it forever if that's what he really wanted, "Thank you again."

Jimin held the jacket out to him and Jungkook was almost knocked back with the strength of the scent that hit him when he grabbed it. It smelled so strongly of the omega that he felt as though he was going to go absolutely insane. He wondered if Jimin had been wearing it often--or better yet, if he had nested with it--to get the smell to be that powerful. Jungkook couldn't help the wave of arousal that coursed through his body at the thought of Jimin curled up in his nest rubbing himself against his clothing to scent it. The alpha tightened his hand to fist the fabric, trying to control himself from reaching out and pulling the boy into his lap from where he was standing in front of him.

"It was my pleasure. I remember you saying you liked to be warm." Jungkook cleared his throat and met his gaze with a pair of big hazel eyes and he almost choked at how beautiful the omega standing in front of him was. Without the jacket in front of him obstructing the alpha's view, he could now properly see the shape of his legs and hips that were being emphasized by the tight jeans, and how they tapered up into his small waist that was just barely being hidden by the edge of his sweatshirt. Every time Jimin moved slightly, the fabric would ride up and Jungkook would catch a glimpse of his ivory skin and his belly button that was sitting just above the line of his jeans. The alpha had to pull his gaze away from where he was blatantly checking out the boy in front of him, and when he trailed his eyes back up towards his face, he saw that Jimin had been watching him. A small warmth crept its way up the back of his neck at being caught, but it only became more intense when he saw that the blond's pupils were slightly more dilated, too. Jungkook watched as his lips moved when he spoke.

"Oh--yeah...it helped a lot with that. Thanks." The omega looked as if he was a little taken aback by what Jungkook had said, but he had a pretty smile decorating his face nonetheless.

"Of course..." Jungkook trailed off. He watched as Jimin held his hands behind himself as if he was waiting for the alpha to say more or direct him to do something. It was probably time for them to actually get some work done now, so Jungkook stood from his position and walked around his desk to lay the jacket on the back of his chair, "Um...well I have to get some tests graded and my lessons for next week planned before the weekend hits, so I'll be busy with that...but I made a few note sheets for you if you'd like to study them for the next time you meet with someone. Since our first exam is coming up I figured I would put together some things to make it a little easier on you--I added some questions that will be similar to the ones on the exam. Stuff like that."

Jimin perked up at that, and came to sit in his seat next to the alpha, "That sounds great actually, thank you. I wasn't quite sure how I was going to go about helping them with that," The omega started pulling out his own things from his bag and hesitated a little bit in his next words as he set them down on top of the desk, "Especially Miyoung...she seems to understand most of the concepts but sometimes she gets a little....distracted. I wasn't sure how I would be able to keep her engaged for a longer session."

Jungkook knew that Jimin was trying to be nice with his words and smiled a little bit at the look the omega had on his face.

"Hmm, yeah. I've noticed that--her distraction, that is." Jungkook sat in his chair and faced the smaller boy as he subconsciously pulled his tie slightly away from his neck and popped open the top button of his black shirt so he could get more comfortable.

"Yeah..." Jimin's eyes were focused intently on watching the alpha's hand as it moved. Jungkook noticed how the omega's eyes lingered on his neck and he had to hold back his proud smile as he spoke.

"I almost considered her being tutored somewhere else. It seems like her being in here is doing more harm than good."

Jimin cocked his head at that and looked up at his professor with a slightly confused pout, "Oh--like I would go and tutor her somewhere else?"

Jungkook didn't miss the glint of disappointment he saw in Jimin's eyes, so he quickly corrected himself.

"No actually...I was thinking more along the lines of her being tutored online. Something like that, it's less of a distraction for her..." For us. The alpha watched as Jimin relaxed into his seat.

"You can do that?" The omega said, a little surprised.

"Of course. I have the authority to adjust things as I see they are needed, and I think it would be more comfortable for all parties involved that way," Jungkook was only telling the truth. He saw the boy next to him let out a little breath and start to nod slightly, and the alpha smiled because he knew Jimin would agree to that, "I can set something up. On the other hand, the other boy you were tutoring seems to be doing well, though. He's been emailing me for more in-person sessions, so maybe we can schedule that."

"Oh! Of course, he's been texting me, too. I totally forgot...he mentioned wanting to come in next week so that would be perfect," He scooted closer to the alpha naturally as he contemplated something in his head, "And with Miyoung...you're sure?"

Jungkook just smiled at that. He was very sure.

"Yes. I'll email her--tell her you'll be busy and then set something up online for you."

There was a relieved look on Jimin's face that Jungkook definitely didn't miss. He was doing the right thing if it meant his omega could be comfortable.

"Okay...thank you."

The two shared a soft smile as the alpha pulled out the materials he had made for the smaller boy and sat them down in front of him. They discussed how the omega would be going about tutoring for the exam for a little while before they both turned to start working on their own things.

As Jungkook sat there and typed out his plans with the smaller boy sitting next to him, he smiled, feeling content. Their comfortability with each other always felt so natural, and the small conversations they would have about random topics were always very in-depth and interesting. Jungkook found himself always laughing at Jimin's clever or sassy remarks to some things, and they continued to share small glances and smirks as per usual. Things were good.

After a while Jimin finished his studying and packed his things away. The smaller boy turned in his seat to watch the alpha type things out on the computer as they talked, and started to ask questions about his other classes and lesson plans out of curiosity. Jungkook thought his interest in the notes he had on the computer regarding his calculus class was cute, and found himself grinning widely as the omega would ask about the different concepts and curriculum. As the alpha answered his questions and explained what the different equations and formulas were used for, he watched as Jimin's hazel eyes would widen and sparkle in awe. Jungkook gladly continued to answer any questions he had when he noticed how interested the boy genuinely seemed. It was surprisingly refreshing to see someone else get as excited about math as he did, and until now he didn't actually think there was anyone else in the world who thought it was as fascinating, but Jimin clearly did.

And he was good at it, too. Jungkook was a little astounded by how easily the omega seemed to understand the concepts as he would explain them, and he didn't even need to generalize his speech to make it easier for the boy to grasp. He was naturally very intelligent and it only made the alpha want to make him his that much more. There was nothing about Jimin that he wasn't absolutely enamored by. The omega was really one-of-a-kind, and Jungkook couldn't believe he had gotten so lucky as to have met such a beautiful and well-rounded person, whether he was his or not. He was in awe of him.

And so they talked for hours. Jimin told the alpha plenty of stories about himself and his friends, and they continued to laugh together over Jungkook's own stories about some of the students in his classes. Jimin even ended up trying to complete some of the calculus problems he had pulled up on his screen because he just simply wanted to. Jungkook was thrilled, and everything was just fine.



Until they weren't.

After one particular problem that had Jimin squinting trying to see what was on the screen, the boy reached into his bag and grabbed a pair of delicate and pretty, wide-rimmed glasses to put them on. When he turned towards Jungkook, the alpha had almost stopped breathing at how stunning he looked in them. It made something in his gut start to simmer again, and when the blond boy met eyes with Jungkook's he blushed slightly.

"Don't mind these, I accidentally forgot my contacts at home today." The omega said shyly.

Jungkook couldn't help himself, "I think you look nice in them. They suit you really well." I think you look beautiful in them, he wanted to say.

Jimin blushed a deeper shade of red and looked down into his lap with a soft smile at the praise. The alpha watched as a piece of the boy's light hair fell in front of his face from where he had pushed it back when he was focusing on figuring out the problems from before. Without a second thought, Jungkook reached his hand out and brushed the hair back again. He hesitated slightly before smoothing his thumb over the shell of the omega's ear.

"Pretty," He said before retracting his hand.

Jimin turned his head up to look at the alpha with a beautiful dusting of pink on his cheeks that matched the color of his darkened lips, and Jungkook wanted to eat him right up.

"Thank you." He lightly ran his teeth over his bottom lip before his mouth spread into a wide, playful smile. Jimin straightened in his seat before turning back towards the computer screen to properly study the equation that was there now that he could see a little better. He gently pushed his glasses up on his nose to start writing down the problem and Jungkook could only lean back in his chair and watch with a raised eyebrow. The sight in front of him was like something from one of his dreams, and he found himself lost in disbelief for what felt like the millionth time that day.

He continued to watch as the omega wrote down the long equation. Somewhere along the way Jimin had rested a hand on the alpha's upper leg and Jungkook was suddenly very hyper-aware of every little movement and sensation. He watched as Jimin bit his lip and how his small fingers lightly squeezed his leg subconsciously when he leaned forward to get a better look at the screen.

At least Jungkook thought it was subconscious, until Jimin was firmly gripping at the meat of his thigh as he fully leaned over in front of the alpha--trying to closely inspect the screen that was on the other side of Jungkook's body.

Jungkook was sure he was going to absolutely lose it now. Jimin was fully leaned across his body, squinting carefully as he used his free hand to grab the mouse and scroll through the long lines of the equation on the screen. As the smaller boy stretched across him, his cropped sweatshirt had ridden up well past the line of his jeans, and now Jungkook had a decent view at the milky skin of his back and the curve of his backside right in front of him. He couldn't take his eyes away from the lithe body as he stayed in his position for quite some time, humming at what he was seeing on the monitor. Jungkook felt the simmer from before fully igniting at the proximity of the omega, and within a few moments, he felt himself getting hard.

There was no way he could hold back his arousal at the position they were in, and when he felt Jimin lightly squeeze his hand again where it was resting a little too close to his crotch, he knew the omega had smelled it. Jungkook continued to trail his eyes down the lines of Jimin's body shamelessly while the omega hummed and made a small noise of confusion. When the blond whipped his head around to look at him, he immediately tore his gaze away. Jimin didn't pull away or loosen his grip on Jungkook's leg as he spoke and the alpha was starting to become a little dizzy because of it.

"It says I need to build a slope field for this equation--I'm not sure what that is." There was a slightly confused look on his face.

Jungkook glanced towards the closed door and let out a relieved breath of air when he saw that they were completely out of the line of sight from the small window that was on it from where they were sitting. He knew if someone walked by and saw them in this position there would probably be some questions.

Jungkook cleared his throat and made the mistake of taking a deep breath this close to the omega--his nose was immediately hit with how strong the vanilla scent was now and he almost faltered when he spoke.

"Let me show you," He reached his hand out to grab the mouse and Jimin just barely moved his own away so it was sitting a little off to the side, still pressed against Jungkook's. The blond turned his attention back to the computer and the alpha explained the problem to him in a slightly strained voice. In the middle of his speech, however, he felt the omega's small hand move slightly upward on his leg, and he flinched due to how close it was getting to his crotch where he was now half hard. At the sudden movement, Jimin turned his head back around to look at him and Jungkook silently cursed himself.

"Are you okay?" Jimin had an innocent look on his face, but the alpha didn't miss the small curve of his lips in what looked to be the beginning of a smirk.

They were close now, and Jungkook had to look away from the omega to gather his thoughts and collect himself.

"Just fine." The alpha let out, not trusting himself to say much more in fear of his voice faltering.

Jimin hummed and Jungkook noticed a spike in his scent as he started to lean back into his seat. With his hand still resting firmly on the alpha's leg, he sat down on the edge of his chair so he was still mostly leaning into Jungkook's space. The blond didn't take his eyes away from where they were studying the taller man's face, and Jungkook waited for him to say something--anything. The alpha almost didn't dare to look up at the boy sitting beside him because he was very aware of how close they really were. However, when the omega spoke he lost that charade very quickly.

"How the hell are you so smart, hm?" His voice was now a little softer.

Jungkook was a little taken aback, half-expecting him to ask something else about the problem on the computer. He thought about his response for a second, and let himself take a long breath to calm himself. When he inhaled he could smell the thick, cloying vanilla scent that hinted at Jimin's own arousal. He blinked once before deciding to just go for it.

"I could ask you the same thing," their eyes were locked again.

Jimin slightly ducked his head without breaking eye contact--and to the alpha's surprise--brought a hand up to gently grip Jungkook's tie before running his fingers down the length of it slowly, trailing his eyes down with the movement. The larger man watched with bated breath as the omega moved his hand from the tie to rest it back on his upper thigh on the opposite side of his body. Jimin was now fully leaning into him again, and his eyes briefly grazed over the alpha's chest and down to his hips. Jungkook had no doubt in his mind that the omega saw the slight tent in his slacks due to his arousal before he darted his eyes straight back up towards the alpha's, which were fully darkened. Jungkook was slightly surprised to see that Jimin's own pupils were blown as well--only a small sliver of his hazel irises showing around them.

The silence was thick in the air, the only sound being the small puffs of the omega's breath as they looked at each other. They sat there for what felt like hours, but were only seconds as they studied the emotions shining behind their eyes.

Jungkook felt as the hand resting on his thigh moved to support the omega's body as Jimin leaned even closer to him. The equation sitting in front of them had already been long forgotten, and the two were fully absorbed in each other. The alpha waited, not moving a single muscle or allowing himself to break the silence, as the blond darted his eyes down and moved closer yet, to the point that Jungkook almost had a lapful of the beautiful man.

The alpha let it happen. He allowed Jimin to lean in so their noses were almost touching--their lips only a few inches apart. They both had their slightly hooded eyes fixed on each other's lips as the omega turned his head, and at that moment Jungkook was absolutely sure he was going to complete the distance so he brought his own hand up to rest on Jimin's waist.

However, the feeling of having the alpha's hands touching his skin made him jump a little bit in surprise, and he widened his eyes and looked up into Jungkook's. The omega whimpered slightly and there was a flash of hesitation in his eyes before he was slowly pulling away.

No.

Jimin was now turning his head away in embarrassment and Jungkook's wolf was tearing him up from the inside, begging and pleading for him to do something to stop him from leaving. In a moment of pure instinct, Jungkook tightened his arm around the omega's waist and reached out to hold the side of his face with the other. Before either of them could even register it, the alpha pulled the smaller man forward and crashed their lips together. Jimin stumbled slightly then gained his footing and propped himself up on the man's leg, and they both stilled for a moment before the omega started to return the kiss.

A huge wave of electricity and relief rushed over the alpha at the feeling of having those lips against his, finally, and he tightened his grip on the smaller boy as their lips began to move against one another, perfectly locking into place.

The smaller boy let out a pleasured gasp as he felt the hand on his waist start to trail up towards the skin to stroke it. Jungkook let himself get lost in the intoxicating taste of Jimin's soft lips and mouth so he gently ran his other hand to brush back into the boy's hair as their kiss became a little more heated. Jimin was now almost completely in his lap and he slowly ran his hands up the alpha's firm chest and shoulders before gripping them and moaning softly into the kiss. Without hesitation Jungkook slowly pulled the omega's small frame closer to himself and ran his tongue along his plump bottom lip, asking for silent permission to take the kiss a little further.

At that, Jimin stilled from where he was almost sitting in the larger man's lap, causing the alpha to completely stop the movement of his hands and lips. The omega immediately pulled away with wide, blown-out eyes to look at the man in front of him.

"Oh my god."

Jungkook wanted to whine at the sudden loss of touch from the other as Jimin scrambled away and back into his own seat. The alpha was completely in a daze as he watched the omega hastily shove his bag over his shoulder and stand up from his seat, frantically running his hand through his hair and pushing his glasses back up onto the bridge of his nose.

"J--Professor--I'm so sorry." Jimin wasn't making eye contact with him now, and with a frown the alpha watched him start to back away.

"Jimin--" He let out, standing up to start following him.



Jungkook didn't have time to reach out before Jimin had made a few long strides to the door and opened it.

"Jimin wait--"

But the blond had already left, only leaving behind his scent which was now a little bit stale and tinged with sadness.

The alpha just stood there and stared at the wide-open door for a few minutes before he turned to look at the empty seat next to him. His heart clenched at the sight and the realization that Jimin had just run out on him, and that he had just kissed his student.

Jungkook closed his eyes and leaned against his desk, shaking his head in disbelief of his own actions.

He had allowed himself to bend too far to the point he snapped, and there was no going back now. He had absolutely fucked up.





Notes:
...please leave me your thoughts if you enjoyed <3

or come chat with me-
my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here

Chapter 12: ...It's Okay if It Hurts
Notes:
hello!! I just wanted to say that your comments from last chapter were the highlight of my life, like seriously I love you guys. thank you, like always, for the positive feedback <3

so yeah...I really hope you like this one :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Saturday



Jungkook set his pen down on top of his desk and stared with a blank expression at the notes he had written out in his planner for the next week. He was sitting in his office at home working on some various odds and ends that he had not been able to finish the night before because he had gotten distracted with Jimin. Of course, Jungkook didn't mind the distraction at all, especially since he had been able to spend so much time with the beautiful omega, but now that he was at home alone with all of his thoughts about him, he was still not getting much of anything done.

Every time he would pick up his pen to write, or open his computer browser to start going through his student's assignments, he would be reminded of everything that had been swimming around in his mind, taunting him, since the boy had run out of his office. When he looked at the equation he and Jimin had left off on the night before, he couldn't help but remember how perfect and captivating the boy looked in his glasses, or how nice he had smelled when he was only a few inches from his nose. And when Jungkook started flipping through his notes his mind instead brought him back to the feeling of his soft skin, and how it felt to run his hands along his waist and through his hair. Or the way his soft, full lips felt as they pressed and moved against his, the way they melded together as if they were meant for each other. It had been pure bliss, and everything Jungkook had been wanting, but it had ended so quickly. Jimin had run from him, and the alpha wasn't able to stop him before it was too late.

Jungkook didn't know how to move for a while after it had happened, he had just stood there in total silence for what felt like hours simply because he couldn't help but think about where it was that he had allowed himself to slip so easily, so thoughtlessly, when he pulled Jimin into him and kissed him. There was no doubt in his mind at that moment that it was supposed to happen, that both of them wanted it to happen, but as soon as Jimin had pulled away and headed towards the door, all Jungkook could feel was guilt. Not only was it guilt that he had allowed himself to completely ignore any consequences, but also guilt because he was worried he had crossed a line and hurt Jimin in some way. While it had seemed like it was consensual on both sides, the alpha had thought that maybe somewhere along the way he had missed a sign that Jimin was uncomfortable, and he felt like the worst kind of person for not seeing them if they were there.

Hurting Jimin was something he never wanted, and Jungkook knew he needed to do anything he could to make things right again. Whether or not the omega actually wanted him, he would suck it up and really, truly hold himself back if it meant that Jimin was comfortable and happy. Of course, Jungkook felt something for the omega that he had never once felt before in his life, and he desperately did not want to let him go, but he would do it. He would let Jimin go if that's what he truly wanted--if this was too much for him or if he just simply wasn't as interested as Jungkook had thought. The alpha was willing to do anything at this point, and that included pushing aside his own feelings if it meant keeping Jimin's safe.



Jungkook looked down at the papers in front of him and sighed before standing up. He left his office and walked into his room to change into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt that he could work out in, deciding that if he wasn't going to get any work done he might as well do something productive to get his mind off of the myriad of thoughts that had consumed it.

He had no idea what he was going to do, but he knew that the only logical next step would be to talk to Jimin about what had happened. Jungkook would apologize and simply hope for some kind of forgiveness, but he couldn't expect the boy to feel comfortable around him anymore, and he had to prepare himself for anything that was about to come his way. Maybe Jimin would reject him, or maybe he had already told enough people about it and Jungkook would have to face the consequences there. Either way, all he could do is wait.



Maybe tonight he could give Namjoon a call and meet up with him and a couple of other friends for some drinks for the man's birthday that had passed that week. That would be the perfect distraction from his thoughts, as right now was not one of those times he wanted to be alone with them nagging him. Not to mention it was a good reason to finally see his other friends.

Jungkook sent a quick text to Namjoon letting him know he was free and walked into his makeshift home gym in one of his extra bedrooms and immediately dropped to the floor to do some warm-up exercises. He closed his eyes and let himself get lost to the slight burning feeling of his muscles working as he tried to push the remaining nagging thoughts out of his head for the time being. It was going to be a long few days.



...





Jimin rolled over in his bed at the sound of singing coming from outside of his room and opened his eyes just in time for Taehyung to pop his head inside the door.

"Get your ass up sleeping beauty, I'm making breakfast."

Jimin grumbled as his best friend vanished and immediately started singing again as he walked away toward the kitchen. He rolled back over to grab his phone and was a little shocked to see that it was already almost noon, which was much later than he had ever remembered sleeping in before. He tossed his phone somewhere back onto his bed and rolled onto his back, then pulled one of his thick fluffy comforters up to his eyes and stared at the ceiling.

It made a little bit of sense as to why he slept so late. The previous night when he got home he hadn't fallen asleep until past midnight, and even when he did, he had a difficult time staying asleep and getting comfortable. There were too many thoughts racing in his mind, too many scenarios being considered--and it didn't help that his nest now felt much more empty than usual. He found himself smelling every blanket and pillow trying to detect any lingering scent from the alpha's jacket, and when he ended up finding almost nothing, he had almost wanted to cry.

When he had arrived home he immediately searched the entire apartment for his best friend, but he was nowhere to be found so he walked straight into his room and took a long shower. When he was done he crawled into his nest and curled up in a ball tightly hugging his pillow as thoughts of the events from that evening were playing on a repeated cycle in his brain. It made him toss and turn for what felt like ages, and only in the late hours of the night did he finally get up to find something to eat when his stomach started making loud noises to signify his hunger.

The omega had wished more than anything that Taehyung had been there so they could cuddle up together and talk through the thoughts that were racing each other in Jimin's head, but he also knew it was good to take some time to think through them on his own first. So he did, he thought a lot. And most of those thoughts were about one person in particular.

Jungkook.



More specifically, the fact that he had kissed him.



After what felt like forever, the thing that Jimin had so desperately wanted finally happened--he had finally snapped and allowed himself to just give in to the feelings he was having at that moment. It had been very obvious that Jungkook wanted it, wanted him, and that made the decision that much easier to make, so he went for it.

And it had been absolutely perfect--the feeling of the alpha's hands on his skin, the way their lips moved together, and how the man's body felt beneath him. Everything in that moment had felt so right, Jungkook had felt so right. But he ruined it.

In a moment of self-doubt and overthinking, Jimin had panicked. He briefly thought about the consequences of his actions, of Seokjin's words saying that the man could get in trouble or potentially lose his job if they got caught. It scared him so he did the first thing he thought of--he ran. Because Jungkook was such an amazing person, a very intelligent and caring man that had worked extremely hard for everything he had achieved. Jimin was so impressed by how good he was at his job, and how well he was able to teach his students such difficult subjects so effortlessly. This was only his first year at the university after going to school for so long and putting so much time in to achieve his goals, and Jimin absolutely did not want to ruin anything for him. Even if being around him, touching him--kissing him--felt so right.

Part of him did wonder what the alpha truly wanted though, and if there was anything they could do to make things work between them. After all, they were both clearly attracted to each other, and there was something so special and unique about their bond that Jimin couldn't quite put his finger on yet. And the blond had already known he was single because of the lack of mating bite and any other scent on him besides his own--otherwise, Jimin would have never made a move in the first place--but while the omega desperately wanted him, there was no way of knowing for sure if Jungkook himself even wanted a relationship right now, let alone with one of his students. Maybe he was just responding to the omega out of instinct, or maybe Jungkook wanted to wait as Jimin had previously thought of doing. Either way, the blond hadn't considered these things before he kissed him, and he really needed to talk to him before he made any more rash decisions.

He just hoped that Jungkook would forgive him and that things could potentially go back to normal between the two without anything becoming awkward. The omega wondered exactly how much this would change things or if the alpha would even want Jimin to be around him anymore, and he thought about whether or not he was going to have to move his tutoring sessions somewhere else, or if he was going to be told he couldn't stay afterward anymore to spend time with the man. Maybe Jungkook was just going to want to ignore what had happened altogether--maybe he was the only one making a big deal out of it. Jimin then realized he didn't know at all how Jungkook was feeling about the situation, and suddenly he really hoped the alpha wasn't beating himself up over it because he absolutely hadn't done anything wrong.

The omega found himself worrying about too many things at once. In reality, all he could do right now is wait and face the situation head-on when the weekend was over--when he could actually sit down and talk with him about it. The only way to silence the thoughts battling in his head was to communicate with him and hopefully explain himself, even if it meant he had to face rejection. He owed the man that much.



Jimin sighed and pulled the blanket away from his face before sitting up and looking aimlessly around his room. He threw the covers off of himself and yawned then slowly pulled himself out of his warm nest. Once his feet touched the cold wooden floor he hissed a little bit and immediately grabbed a large hoodie from his desk chair before trudging out into the hallway. He could still hear Taehyung whistling and singing along with the sounds of pots and pans being moved around and something sizzling on the stove as he started towards the kitchen. When he turned the corner he stilled and watched in amusement as the other omega prepared their food.

"Good night I assume?" Jimin asked as he took in his best friend's appearance. His hair was an absolute mess and he was wearing some shorts and a large hoodie that definitely wasn't his own. The blond thought he smelled a hint of sandalwood coming from it all the way from where he stood by the entrance.

Taehyung turned around and smiled brightly at his friend before setting two plates full of pancakes on the counter between them. Jimin walked over to sit in one of the stools and waited for the omega's answer with wide eyes.

"How could you tell?" The brunette shoved a large forkful of fruit into his mouth.

The blond just smirked as he took a few sliced strawberries from the other man's bowl and put them on his pancakes.

"Oh you know...just the fact that you didn't come home until early this morning, you're making breakfast--which you never do, and you're prancing around and singing like you got laid," Jimin looked closely at Taehyung's face for his reaction to that part to see if he would give himself away, then glanced down to his neck and shook his head, "And the fact that you're covered in hickies. But I see you finally got his sweatshirt you were hoping for." Jimin was smiling now, he was kind of proud.

Taehyung was blushing and chewing slowly with a dreamy smile on his face, "Yeah...I did. But we just sat and watched movies and made out for a while, I didn't get laid. I mean I did kind of just meet him and...I want to wait a little while for that. Just in case, you know?"

Jimin hummed in response, he did know.

"Yeah. But I'm happy for you though," The omega paused as he noticed a vase of sunflowers sitting on the dining table, "Are those from him, too?"

Taehyung turned to see what he was looking at and the blond watched as his smile widened, "They are. He got them yesterday and said they reminded him of me. Isn't that romantic?"

Jimin smiled softly, "It is. He seems like a really great guy...I approve," he then took a bite of one of his strawberries and pointed his fork at the omega sitting across from him, "But if he so much as looks at you the wrong way--remember I have thighs of steel and can kick him into next century."

Taehyung laughed out loud at that and his nose scrunched up, "I wouldn't expect anything less."

"Good." Jimin hummed as he finished off the rest of his breakfast and pushed his plate away before getting up to pour himself a cup of coffee. He watched as the hot liquid streamed into his mug before he turned to lean back on the counter and brought the rim to his nose. Just as he was taking the first sip and humming in satisfaction did he see Taehyung watching him with a hesitant look on his face. Jimin just cocked an eyebrow at him, waiting for him to speak up.

"Jiminie...are you okay? When I came in to check on you last night you smelled a little sad...did something happen yesterday?" His best friend looked concerned, and Jimin felt a little bad that he had probably been worrying about him since he got home.

"Oh..." Jimin brought his coffee down away from his mouth, "Well...it's nothing really."

His best friend clearly didn't believe him, "If it's bothering you then it's something. You know you can tell me anything right?" He paused and crossed his arms with a slightly stern look on his face, "Was someone an asshole to you yesterday? Oh no...did your ex text you again? Cause I can fight him." Jimin shook his head at those and smiled at his friend's protectiveness. He knew Taehyung usually wouldn't hurt a fly but would still probably do anything to protect him.

"No...none of those."

"Hmm...okay. Did tutoring not go well? You didn't accidentally embarrass yourself in front of Professor Jeon or something, did you?"

Jimin's eyes widened at that last part, and he quickly put his coffee cup back up to his mouth and took a sip instead of answering. Taehyung definitely noticed, and he looked a little surprised.

"Oh, Min...what did you do?"

The blond pulled his coffee away from his lips before setting it on the counter and leaning back against it. He wasn't entirely sure if he should say anything to his friend before he had talked through what had happened with his professor. While Jimin really wanted to say something--and would probably end up telling Taehyung about it anyways because they shared everything together--he wasn't sure if the alpha was going to want anyone to know about it just yet, and he especially didn't want to betray any kind of trust the man had already built up for him.

"Well..."

Taehyung noticed his hesitation and walked over to wrap his arms around the smaller boy and rest his chin on his shoulder, "Did he catch you staring at him or something? Because if you're embarrassed about that, you shouldn't be, he stares at you literally all the time, too."

Jimin just chuckled at that. He was very aware of the alpha's...habits.

"No, not that..." It was a lot more than that, "It's nothing, really. You don't need to worry about it too much." Jimin wrapped his arms around his friend in a hug, but Taehyung was pulling away and looking into his eyes with a stern look.

"You better not be hiding things from me, Min."

Jimin reached his hands up to grab the sides of the boy's head and squeezed his cheeks together as he sighed, "I promise I will tell you eventually...I just think I should wait a little bit. Now stop worrying."

The brunette looked into his eyes for a few seconds with a suspicious look before he leaned back so his head was no longer being held. He still kept his arms wrapped around the smaller boy.

"Okay okay, I won't push it. But if you come home smelling sad one more time then I will be on you about it until you tell me. Deal?"

Jimin smiled and nodded, "Deal."

Taehyung hummed as he looked away as if he was contemplating something, then his eyes lit up and he was pulling away and moving towards their empty dishes.

"Now help me clean up and let's get ready so we can go do something fun. I want to get out of the house, maybe go shopping or something, I've been studying too much these past few days."

The blond reached for his coffee cup and downed the rest of it in a few swift sips before he shook his head and gave his best friend a disbelieving look. He pushed himself off of the counter and started to help clean off some of the plates before putting them away. He looked back towards the dark marks on the boy's neck.

"Yeah, okay. Studying really hard I see."

Taehyung turned to him and smacked him with the dishtowel he was holding before the two of them lost themselves to a fit of laughter. Once they were finished in the kitchen, Jimin went to his room to prepare himself for the day.

The other omega was right, today was the perfect day to get out of the house. He needed a distraction, and he could tell that Taehyung knew he did, too. Jimin was more than thankful for his best friend's existence at times like these, he just knew him so well, and sitting at home staring at his math textbook studying like usual was only going to remind him of what he was trying to forget.

Jimin hopped in the shower and brushed his teeth, then dried his hair and changed into a comfortable pair of jeans and a long-sleeve that he would end up putting a jacket over if it got too cold. Once he was done applying a little bit of make-up--some light concealer and a smidge of eyeshadow, dusty pink to match his shirt--he stepped back and checked his full appearance. Just then Taehyung rounded the corner into his bathroom dressed in his own nice clothes with his hair styled.

"You look great, Jiminie," the brunette started to walk away but Jimin could hear his voice carrying back to him as it trailed off slightly, "Now let's go to the mall and watch in amusement as all of the men fall to their knees and beg for your hand as their mate."

Jimin laughed and shut off the light to follow his friend. He was in a much better mood now and he knew that spending time with the other omega would keep him in one. With a smile, he strolled into the living room where Taehyung was waiting with his keys.

He didn't bother to tell the omega that he wasn't going to be interested in anybody that approached him today--he felt like the boy already knew he wasn't going to bat an eyelash at anybody if they weren't one specific alpha, but he was still going to have fun and try to push his thoughts of that heavenly coffee scent far from his mind for the time being.

"Sounds like a plan."





...





-Monday





As Jimin walked into the school that morning, the realization of what he was about to face suddenly hit him and he had to make a physical effort to calm himself down by taking long, deep breaths and focusing on the words his best friend was saying. Taehyung was busy talking about his plans for the next few days and didn't seem to notice Jimin's inner turmoil about having to face his professor in class today, which he was very thankful for. He didn't really want to talk about it right before he was about to see him, otherwise, that was going to be all he would think about for the rest of the day. So after taking a long sip of his coffee he tried to focus his attention on his friend.

He calmed a little as he listened to the taller boy talk excitedly about the project he was working on with his new favorite alpha. Apparently they were actually getting a lot done when they spent time together, and they had already gotten pretty far in composing a small piece of music that they would need to turn in for a grade. Taehyung was even more thrilled that he had picked someone who was actually going to school for music and could teach him how to put something together fairly easily because it took off a load of stress from his shoulders.

Jimin just smirked at how fondly the boy was talking about his music partner--and possibly soon to be his actual partner--and continued listening as he trailed his thoughts to other things besides school. He let him go on and on about how funny, cute, and laid-back the man was, and when he started gushing about how good he was at kissing, the blond just shook his head and made fake gagging sounds to tease him. Even though Jimin pretended like he was disgusted by it, he was still thrilled for him that he had finally found someone who could make him happy like he was at that moment. So he would continue to listen to him for as long as he wanted to talk about it. It was honestly kind of refreshing.



However, their moment of comfortable conversation and laughter ended the moment Jimin rounded the corner into the hallway of their first class. The omega's face paled a little bit and nervousness hit him as he saw who was standing right outside of the door to the classroom, chatting with another, much older-looking professor that Jimin had never met before. Taehyung quickly noticed how he quieted and followed his gaze toward the man who had yet to see them coming, and he cut off his train of thought to bump the smaller boy's shoulder with a questioning look.

Jimin just shook off his friend's gaze and focused his eyes on something other than the two standing by the door. However, as they got closer he got a whiff of his new favorite scent and couldn't help but raise his head slightly to look at him. When his hazel eyes trailed up his body he studied the man's outfit--which of course made him look absolutely stunning as per usual--and up toward his face. He watched as the alpha's nose twitched and turned his attention from his colleague to study his surroundings, only to soon find his gaze on Jimin as the omega approached him. When they met eyes that familiar energy that Jimin usually felt was there, but it was suddenly much stronger now and it sent a chill down his spine. As the two boys got closer to the room, the omega watched something flash in Jungkook's eyes before he turned his attention back to the other professor standing next to him who was going on about something or another and waving his hands excitedly.

Jimin used that opportunity to take a deep breath and swallow his nerves, and he hoped he could approach calmly without giving too many of his emotions away in front of his best friend and the older man standing next to his professor. He ducked his head a little bit and tightened his grip on his cup and the strap of his bag once they were in speaking distance with the man and about to enter the room. Taehyung was still silent next to him, and part of Jimin wished that he would have kept talking to make things a little less awkward.

He could once again feel the alpha's gaze on him, and just as the two were about to turn and walk into the room, he was slightly startled when he heard that familiar warm voice addressing them.

"Good morning."

Jimin slowed his pace as he passed and his eyes widened ever so slightly. He looked towards the two men and both him and Taehyung bowed slightly in greeting.

"Good morning, Professor." The omega next to him spoke, and Jimin was thankful for it as he wasn't confident enough to speak at that moment.

Jungkook just watched them for a few seconds and Jimin slowly looked up to lock eyes with him. However, that was a bad idea because when he did, he almost completely froze in his tracks at how intense his gaze was now that he was this close to him. He then made the mistake of briefly glancing at the alpha's lips, and had to tear his gaze away fully before he started to think about how nice it had been to kiss them. This was not the time.

Instead, the omega focused his attention on walking into the room and taking his seat. When it was time for class to start, he watched Jungkook walk in and close the door, but then immediately looked down at his notes for the rest of the lecture, not daring to make eye contact just in case. He wanted to save any awkwardness for later since he knew it was bound to come when he had his session.

As he kept his attention towards his half-written notes and listened to the man's voice while he taught and answered a whole slew of test-prep questions, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket and quickly reached in to check it under his desk, not wanting to fully pull it out as he thought that would have been disrespectful to the alpha at the front of the room. He glanced at the notification on the screen and unlocked his phone.

Taehyungie: are you okay?

Jimin turned his head slightly to look at his friend who was a couple of feet from him and noticed that he was shooting him a concerned look. The blond watched as he typed something else out and he felt another buzz of his phone. He looked again.

Taehyungie: I can smell you, you know...

Jimin sighed, he wasn't aware that there had been any change to his scent. He thought he had pretty much gotten that under control, but apparently there was absolutely no hiding anything from his best friend.

Instead of replying, he just shot a small smile toward the omega in reassurance and went back to taking notes. He knew they were going to end up talking about this at some point, but he wanted to wait a little longer. The blond could sense the boy next to him relaxing in his seat and felt relieved for a second, but that quickly changed back to nervousness as he looked up towards the alpha who was now smiling and laughing with one of the students because of one of the comments they had made. He watched as his professor's face lit up, then sighed and sunk back into his seat. Today was going to be a long day.



...



And he was absolutely right.

Time passed throughout the day almost as if it was in slow motion, and he found that he couldn't pay attention in any of his classes because he had been going over all of the possible scenarios that could happen tonight when he walked through his professor's office doors. His head was a mess, and without his best friend around he had no real distraction anymore--just the constant bombardment of what-ifs that were swirling in his brain.

It went like that until he found himself leaving his last class, and only increased when he actually did walk into into Jungkook's office.



He thanked any higher being that the boy he was tutoring, Seongwha, was already sitting in his usual chair talking through some of his inquiries with the alpha, and that Jungkook was somewhat distracted when the omega sat down and prepared his own things. Jimin greeted the two men once they had finished discussing the boy's last question regarding the exam on Wednesday, and he kept his eye-contact with Jungkook very brief as to avoid any kind of discomfort in the air for the rest of the time that the other omega was in the room. He didn't want to give off any kind of hint that he was anything other than okay in case Seonghwa became suspicious and started asking questions.

Jimin was relieved when he noticed that Jungkook had gotten the hint and immediately focused his attention on his computer when he started going through the practice questions with the other student. The blond knew that they would end up staying later than usual due to the sheer number of additional problems they had compared to his regular sessions, so he let himself get as comfortable as possible despite the impending discussion that would occur when the other boy left. He also spoke a little quieter than usual, not wanting to disrupt the alpha across from him that looked to be either heavily concentrated on his own work or deep in thought.

As time passed, the omega was trying his hardest to focus on the questions being thrown at him occasionally instead of worrying about what the man across from them was doing, and he managed pretty well for a considerable chunk of time, but caught himself slipping every once in a while. Even in their current situation he couldn't help but let his eyes wander to where they really wanted to be, but he did his best not to make it very obvious.



For the most part, Jimin noticed that he couldn't really tell whether or not the man was feeling any specific way as he kept a straight face and posture the entire time. However, as he stole more glances he noticed that sometimes Jungkook would quickly tap his fingers against his mouse, or bite his lip a few too many times, Jimin thought that maybe he looked a tad bit nervous--but he wasn't sure though, and it frustrated him a little that he couldn't figure him out.

Even as they neared the end of their almost three-hour-long session, Jimin still couldn't detect any shift in the alpha's demeanor or scent to indicate what he was feeling, and to the omega's slight disappointment, he realized that Jungkook had barely looked over at them the entire time--instead, he was deeply immersed in his own work.

It honestly kind of made Jimin a little bit more nervous, because he wondered if the alpha was even going to want him to stay and talk, or if he was just going to let him leave without a single word when they were done. Jimin sighed tiredly, he desperately just wanted all of this to be over with.



Thankfully for him, time flowed by quickly, and it didn't seem like it was too much longer before Seonghwa was letting out a dramatic sigh and refused to look at his books any longer.

"Okay, I'm done for the day. If I pass, I pass--If I don't, well...I've accepted my fate," said the taller omega. Jimin giggled at that, happy that the other boy was filling the silence with his own humor, "But I'm sure I'll pass thanks to you, Jimin-ssi. You're incredible, I could kiss you right now." The boy was obviously joking, so Jimin laughed even harder as he watched him yawn loudly and stretch in his seat.

He didn't notice that Jungkook had whipped his head up at that, and was now paying attention to them with his gaze locked onto the raven-haired omega next to him.

"You'll have to let me know how you do, I'm excited to see if I was of any real use." The blond answered playfully. Jimin noticed that the boy was now shoving all of his things in his bag haphazardly, so he also turned to slowly start arranging his things on the desk to get ready to put them away.

"Sure thing. Thank you again Jimin-ssi." Seonghwa smiled as he stood and pulled his bag over his shoulder. Jimin just smiled at him and held his hands in his lap.

"Of course. Glad to help." He said calmly.

However, he could feel that Jungkook was now watching him--his gaze burning into the back of his head--and his nerves started to set in again. Suddenly he was not feeling as calm.

The taller boy smiled and nodded, looking a little confused as to why Jimin wasn't also getting up and leaving since it was so late. The blond sat there a little awkwardly and played with the rings on his fingers before the other boy just shrugged and left with a small wave that Jimin returned.

Once he was out of the room, Jimin pivoted forward in his seat and sat there with his gaze focused on his own lap. It was now just him and the alpha in the room, alone. And it was quiet.



They sat there for a few moments, and the omega could hear the man across from him shuffling in his seat briefly, so he looked up and they finally made eye contact after what felt like forever without it. Jungkook had his elbow leaning on the desk and his hand slightly covering his bottom lip as if he was thinking about his next words very carefully. Jimin gulped, and watched patiently for what felt like ages, but must have only been a minute or two.

He could hear the clock on the wall ticking and his own blood pulsing through his veins, and he was absolutely sure now that his scent was spiking along with his anxiety. Jimin sat there, repeatedly pulling at a random thread that was on his sweater.

Soon the silence became too much for him, so after a few deep breaths, he lowered his voice so it wouldn't be too jarring in the silence of the room and finally spoke.

"Is there anything else you needed help with tonight, Professor?"



Jungkook pulled his hand away and Jimin saw his chest move as he let out a deep exhale.

"Not tonight...it's getting pretty late." The alpha said as he straightened up in his seat. Jimin nodded in understanding and slowly started to put his things in his bag since he was now expecting that he was going to be dismissed. Jungkook's eyes followed his movements as he grabbed his bag and set it in his lap, and he shifted in his seat again before clearing his throat. Jimin halted his movements and waited for him to continue.



"But before you go...I think we should talk."

There it was.



Jimin stilled his movements and gripped the bag sitting in his lap as his heart rate spiked. This was it, he would either be told to leave and never come back or they would decide to act as if nothing happened. At the moment he wasn't entirely sure which option he would dislike more.

"Okay," Jimin said quietly, not brave enough to utter much more.

The alpha turned in his chair a little bit, and Jimin watched with surprise as he suddenly stood from his seat and slowly walked around the desk. The omega sighed in relief when he realized he was just getting up to go close the door, but once it was shut and the room was even quieter, his hands started to shake slightly. He quickly hid them behind his bag and hoped Jungkook wouldn't notice how nervous he actually was.

When Jimin turned his head slightly to watch the man walk back, he was shocked to see that instead of going back to his spot in his chair behind the desk, he gently sat down in the one Seonghwa had just been in and turned it slightly toward him. Jimin turned his chair along with him out of respect, and suddenly they were facing each other once again. They shared a few seconds of eye contact before Jungkook let out a breath and adjusted the cuffs on his sleeves. The omega was sure now that he looked and seemed a little nervous, too.

"Jimin...before I say anything else I want to apologize to you," Jungkook paused and the omega was turning his head a little in confusion. There was nothing that the alpha should be apologizing for, he should be the one apologizing. But Jimin let the other man finish, curious now as to what he was about to say. The omega looked into his eyes when he heard his voice again, "What I did was highly unprofessional, and I wanted to say I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable or feel at all unsafe at that moment. I uh..."

Oh?

Jimin was a little taken aback as he realized that Jungkook was seeing this in a much different light than he was. It sounded like he was unsure if Jimin had wanted it just as much as he did, which he absolutely did, without a doubt. The omega could tell he was a lot more nervous now, and all he wanted to reach out and hold his hands and tell him he didn't need to worry about those things. He listened carefully as Jungkook continued.

"I completely understand if you would be more comfortable moving your tutoring sessions somewhere else, or if you'd like to stop doing them altogether. I can work things out with the school to make sure you get paid for everything. I really am sorry for putting you in this situation," Jimin's mouth hung open a little bit at those words. Jungkook was blaming himself, which was the last thing he wanted. This was not how this conversation had gone in any of the possible scenarios he created for himself. He didn't want the man to think that this was at all his fault, because it wasn't. Before he could speak, the alpha continued, "I completely understand if you want to approach the dean of students about this, you shouldn't have to feel--"



"I wanted it."



Jimin held his breath as Jungkook snapped his head up to look at him, and his own hands which were now folded together stilled in his lap. It was like everything around them had frozen, and his words suspended in the air a little bit. He could see the gears turning in the alpha's head.

The omega thought he might as well explain himself, there was no going back now.

"You don't need to apologize--at all actually," The blond watched as Jungkook's eyes widened slightly, "I know my reaction to what happened was a little sudden and unexplained...but I was not at all uncomfortable, please don't think that. And I definitely did not feel unsafe...so really it's me who should be apologizing, not you."

Jungkook was shaking his head slightly and opened his mouth as though he was about to cut him off, but Jimin continued.

"I feel as though I've been acting a little inappropriate regardless of the fact that you're my professor. And I'm sorry if anything I've done has made you feel uncomfortable...or pressured in any way, I just..." Jimin took a deep breath. He didn't want to lie to the alpha, he deserved an explanation, "I just feel... something when I'm around you that I can't really explain, like...like I kind of can't control myself. And I know that sounds bad--trust me, I really do know, but I also know that..." The blond was fighting over which words to use next, which words he could say that wouldn't scare the man that was sitting in front of him away. He looked up from where his gaze had drifted down to his hands. Jungkook was still sitting there, watching him patiently, with big brown puppy dog eyes and such a reassuring look on his face, and Jimin wanted to melt right on the spot because of it. It really wasn't fair how perfect this man was. The omega almost didn't have it in him to finish, but he suddenly caught a whiff of the air--the alpha was releasing pheromones to comfort him despite their circumstances. Jimin took a long, deep breath and greedily soaked them in.

Fuck it, Jungkook deserved the full explanation.

"I just know I feel something for you so strongly, something that I've never felt for someone before. And I know that I'm just your student and me saying this probably doesn't help anything, but I needed to say it because there is really no use in keeping it in anymore."

Jimin finished and let some of the tension in his shoulders dissipate as he relaxed into his seat. It felt good to say it even though he was very aware of the possible consequences. When he looked back over to Jungkook again, the omega was a little surprised to see he was still sitting there looking at him, but his expression had changed into something a little more unrecognizable. He waited a long while for the alpha to say something, and was almost a little startled when the man broke the silence.



"I feel it, too."



Jimin's eyes widened. That was definitely not what he was expecting to hear.

"What?"

"The feeling you can't explain. The way I feel for you it's...it's strong. I feel it, too."

Jimin couldn't take his eyes off of the chocolate brown ones in front of him, "Y-you do?"

Jungkook was nodding now, "I do," he paused, suddenly wanting to add something else, "And there is nothing you need to apologize for, Jimin. You've never made me feel uncomfortable."

"Oh..." Jimin was stunned. That kind of really changed things. The look on the alpha's face turned to one of contemplation, and he looked away out the window for a second before turning back towards Jimin.

"Jimin...how do I say this correctly?" The man took one look at the omega sitting in front of him and was met with Jimin smiling softly even though he was unsure of what was coming next. That seemed to give him enough courage to continue, "Ever since the first time I saw you I felt something different. I just feel this...pull towards you that I've never experienced before with anyone else. Like there is this unexplainable energy whenever I see you or when I'm around you. Does that make any sense?" Jimin nodded quickly at that, because yes, yes it absolutely did, "Okay. And well...I think you're such an amazing and breathtaking person, inside and out. Maybe our situation is a little...unusual or unconventional, but like you said there really is no point in pretending like these feelings don't exist anymore."

Jimin couldn't help but stare in awe at his words. This change in events was something he never saw coming, so he was lost for what words to say next. Somehow everything had been a huge misunderstanding on both parts--they had both imagined the worst-case scenario in fear that the other person wouldn't reciprocate their feelings. The omega couldn't believe it, and now he was even more confused as to what this meant for them. He tilted his head slightly and bit his lip, repeating the alpha's words over and over again in his head.

"So...what now?" He said softly.

The alpha looked at him for a second in deep thought before running his hands through his hair. Jimin noticed that must be a nervous habit of his.

"Well...I guess we could go back to normal and agree to make sure something like Friday doesn't happen again," Jungkook must have noticed how the look on the omega's face sunk at that, so he quickly added, "Or, if you'd like to...we can wait. Maybe see what happens and then at the end of the semester we can pursue this."

Jimin stayed quiet. He knew that was a much better option than the first, if it meant he could have a chance with the alpha. He sighed and tried to smile to the best of his ability, but he knew his scent was giving him away that he was still slightly disappointed. Even though he really shouldn't be--this was still a much better turnout to this conversation that he was expecting-- but deep down he still felt his wolf whining at those words.

He thought that the alpha's train of thought stopped there, so Jimin was a little surprised when Jungkook continued.




"Or...we don't wait."



Jimin felt as though the wind had been knocked out of him. There was no way he heard him right this time.

"What?"

Jungkook was clearly picking his next words very carefully now, but Jimin was still in shock from the previous ones.

"If you want, of course...we don't have to wait...if this is what you want--if I understood you correctly."

The omega gripped the bag sitting in his lap as he let those words process in his brain. Suddenly everything clicked together, and his eyes widened.

"You mean...like we don't wait to pursue things?" Jungkook was nodding and Jimin felt as though he was going to explode with the number of emotions that were currently coursing through him, "We just do it now? I mean, really? Like, you're really considering that?" The omega was a little frantic now, but he paused to utter the last part, "You'd want that?"

The alpha smiled softly and let out a small laugh before shaking his head a little in disbelief.

"Jimin-ah...is that even a question?"



Jimin looked at his face, at the way he was smiling and the way the air around him smelled. He studied every single feature of the man that could hint at his true emotions, and the omega only saw that what he just said must have been completely genuine. This wasn't just some cruel prank, Jungkook was really sitting there saying he wanted Jimin. He had just returned all of the feelings that the boy was so scared to put out there in fear of rejection. But he wasn't being rejected, not even slightly.

Suddenly everything hit him at once.

He could have Jungkook. Jimin didn't know how it was going to work, but he could have him. All he had to do was just...

"Then let's not," He said without thinking. The alpha looked a little confused, so he added, "Let's not wait." The omega was leaning forward now, he really wanted to grab his hands or hug him and scent him, something , because his emotions were starting to really overwhelm him now.

Jungkook sat there with his eyebrows raised slightly. He must have noticed the state that Jimin was in because he hesitated for a moment before sliding his chair closer and reaching out to rest his hand on the boy's arm. He started rubbing calming circles with his thumb.

"Okay." The man said quietly, almost a whisper.



They sat there for what felt like ages with matching looks of euphoric disbelief plastered on their faces. It was obvious that they were both trying to process what had just happened, and that neither was at all sure what to do next. Jimin was lost in a complete daze, and slowly turned his head to face the man sitting next to him. Jungkook's eyes flickered up to his own and they both smiled shyly. The omega bit his lip gently when he felt the alpha's hand twitch from where it was resting on his arm, and he glanced to the door out of habit even though he knew there was most likely no one here at this time of night. When he saw and heard that there was no one else around, he slowly moved his arm out of Jungkook's hold and repositioned it so he could slide his own small hand into the alpha's larger one, and then he intertwined their fingers.

Jungkook looked a little surprised, but soon a wide grin was finding its way across his face. Jimin couldn't help but smile at it like usual, he really was a beautiful man.

The omega looked at their hands and took a long moment to just feel. He felt how warm the man next to him was, how perfectly their hands fit together. He had never felt so much satisfaction just from being around someone like this, and he was loving it. Every single ounce of nervousness had vanished and was replaced by something that he could only describe as feeling just right. When he looked into the alpha's eyes he could tell he felt the same. He let out a little laugh.

This was really happening--Jimin couldn't believe it.



But suddenly he was hit with the reality that this wasn't going to just be one smooth transition from how they were now to being together. There were still a million things they needed to discuss first in order to make sure that they were actually doing this the right way. The first being:


"So how do we go about this?"

Jungkook sighed and nodded as if he had expected that question and had already thought about it for some time. Jimin just waited patiently and watched as the alpha moved their hands to rest in his lap so he could rub his thumb over the omega's smaller one. The blond's breath hitched a little and he found himself blushing at how affectionate the action was.

"We are going to have to be careful," Jungkook ducked his head a little bit and watched their hands as he spoke, "I think if we are going to seriously do this, it should be only the two of us who know about it for a while. At least until you're not directly my student anymore, possibly longer than that."

Jimin knew that was coming because those had been his exact thoughts for a while now. Of course, he knew what it would mean for Jungkook if anyone found out about them. Even if the alpha didn't lose his job, his reputation would more than likely be tarnished for quite some time and there would be rumors. The omega was very aware that most of the consequences fell on Jungkook's shoulders, and that scared him. Jungkook obviously knew that too, and that was one of the reasons why Jimin was so surprised that he would even consider this in the first place. However, Jimin did know that if Jungkook had meant every word he said and actually did feel the connection between them that he felt, he could understand how much it was probably tearing him up from the inside having to hold back.

Jimin smiled, he had never in his life felt so emotionally in sync with someone aside from Taehyung. It was a weird but welcome feeling.

The omega nodded and Jungkook squeezed his hand. They both took the time to ponder the situation for a few minutes before the alpha was adding to his previous thought.

"I think it would be best if we go about things normally for the most part, at least while other people are around," Jimin perked up a little at that last part, "For example, we would still need to address each other formally, keep a distance around people...stuff like that."

Jimin just smiled. He knew these things already, he had already thought everything through in all of his wildest daydreams. He still couldn't really believe it was becoming a reality, "Of course."

They shared a soft look, and their smiles grew until they were both grinning. Jimin let out a breathy laugh and Jungkook quickly followed, they both still seemed to be in a little bit of shock. The alpha reached with his hand that was currently unoccupied to run his fingers gently through the hair on the side of the omega's head.

"So we're doing this, huh?"

Jimin placed his hand on the ones that were intertwined, "We are."

Jungkook hummed and tried to hold back a huge smile. The omega thought he looked very boyish in that moment, and it was absolutely the most charming thing he had ever seen. His brown eyes darted towards the watch on his wrist before he sighed.

"Well...as much as I would love to sit here with you all night, it is getting really late now. I'm sure you have class early in the morning tomorrow."

"Yeah..." Jimin trailed off. He did have to be up early, but he also knew that Jungkook probably had to be up early as well. He didn't seem as concerned about himself as he was about the omega, "Let's both call it a day, yeah?"

The alpha nodded in agreement at that, and after looking hesitant for a few seconds he cleared his throat and pulled his hand away from where they were connected on his lap. Jimin took his now empty hand and held onto his bag as he watched how the man grabbed his things and shut off his computer. He turned to look at the smaller boy.

"Can I walk you to your car?"

Jimin stood from his seat with a shy smile and threw his bag over his shoulder, "Of course."

He followed the alpha out of the room and waited while he took out his keys and turned to lock the door to his office. When he spun around, they shared a smile and Jimin led him in the direction of the lot he was parked in. They walked a little slower than they usually would, arms brushing together occasionally, and there was a comfortable silence between their small conversations. Jimin couldn't help but smile constantly, and he could tell that the alpha was having the same problem. By the time they reached Jimin's car, that was now the only one left parked in the large parking lot, the omega was sure that he had never smiled continuously for this long and his cheeks were starting to hurt a little bit.

The omega reached in his jacket pocket to grab his keys and then turned towards the man that was now standing there with his hands inside of his own pockets. Jimin took a second to fully admire the alpha, his professor, that was standing in front of him. Only the lamp posts around the lot were illuminating the area around them, and Jimin thought that he looked especially alluring at that moment.

The alpha smirked when he saw Jimin was blatantly checking him out and reached out to run his hand down the smaller man's arm.

"I hope you'll drive safely on your way home."

The blond once again became a little shy at the affection, but quickly changed back to his playful nature. He took one step towards Jungkook until their chests were almost touching and their faces were much closer to each other. Jimin bit his lip softly and reached his arms up to lightly wrap them around the taller's man's neck before he leaned in and pressed a kiss to his lips. Jungkook was a little taken aback for a second and let out a small sound of surprise, but quickly rested his hands on the omega's waist. The kiss was short and sweet, and soon Jimin was pulling away.

"There. Now we're even."

Jungkook's eyebrows raised and he stood in stunned silence as Jimin untangled his arms and stepped back. He watched as the blond smirked and walked around to the side of his car to open the door.

"Goodnight, Professor." He folded his arms on the hood of his car and rested his head on them with a coy smile.

The alpha shook his head with a small laugh at the omega's antics, "Goodnight, Jimin-ah."

Jimin watched as Jungkook took a few steps back and then smiled at him before turning around to start walking away, back towards the doors. He was a little confused at first but then realized that the alpha must have parked in a completely different lot on the other side of the campus. The omega smiled at the knowledge that the man wanted to walk him to his car even if it was parked nowhere near his own.

Jimin hopped into the driver seat and closed his door before locking it just in case. He sat there for a few moments with his head resting on his seat as he looked towards the doors that Jungkook had disappeared into.

It felt like hours that he stayed there, going over everything that had just happened in the past few hours in his head. He was in absolute disbelief, but his smile never left his face.



They were really, actually doing this, and despite the possible consequences that loomed over them, Jimin couldn't help but let himself just be thrilled in that moment.







Notes:
leave a comment if you enjoyed <3
:)
my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here

Chapter 13: Eyes
Notes:
hi all <3 so this story has officially reached 500 kudos and I can't even believe it...I wish I could say thank you to every single person who has read this and liked it so far.
also, now that I've gotten a little more used to writing I've gone back and edited some earlier chapters (not any details/story elements) just some grammar and odds and ends, so if you ever re-read and notice it, that's why <3

but I'll stop rambling now,
enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Tuesday



Jimin pulled open the large glass door to the library and stepped inside. He took a moment to enjoy the quiet and relaxing atmosphere that he was immediately surrounded with and let himself take one long, deep breath. It smelled as though someone had just finished cleaning, and that mixed with the familiar smell of worn books and the feeling of the sunlight streaming through the large windows was enough to immediately put him at ease. He loved to come here after his shorter days of classes most Tuesdays and Thursdays because it was so peaceful. He usually came alone, but some days he met up with either Hoseok or Taehyung to study before they went to dance, and today he was planning on seeing the beta since he didn't have any afternoon classes.

However, once he started to look around the large room for his friend, he caught a glimpse of a small middle-aged omega woman that was almost completely hidden behind the monitor of her computer at the front desk. Jimin perked up then walked over with an excited smile on his face and peeked around the computer at her.

"Good afternoon, Yejin-ssi."

The woman jumped a little at the sudden introduction and looked up from her computer only to end up smiling widely at the boy that was standing in front of her.

"Oh, Jimin-ssi! Good afternoon to you too, lovely. I haven't seen you in a few days--how have you been?" She moved her rolling chair a little to the side so she could get a better view of him as she spoke.

Jimin folded his hands over one another on the counter that was separating them and couldn't help but feel at ease around the woman who he had gotten to know pretty well over the course of the last few semesters, "I'm great, actually. Thank you, I hope you've been well?"

"Oh, I've been just fine, honey," The woman waved her hand at him dismissively and rested her chin on her hands, "Besides my husband keeping me up all night with his fancy new power tools that he insists don't make that much noise. His new project is renovating our bathroom. Isn't that exciting?"

Jimin giggled a little bit at that, "Didn't you say he just did the kitchen like a week or two ago?"

She rolled her eyes and nodded her head with a smirk, "Yup. He's always up to something new, but gosh do I love him to death though."

The blond smiled softly and hummed. He loved talking to the woman about anything and everything, including hearing her speak about how much she was both annoyed and enamored by her husband at times. Just from their small passing conversations, he learned that she was an incredibly fun and kind person, and every time he walked into the library he knew she would have something interesting to say. The woman also seemed to love Jimin and always fawned over how pretty he was or how diligently he studied and worked. The omega didn't hesitate to shower her with compliments as well and frequently shared some of his own stories. Even though she was considerably older than him, he loved the unique little bond they had.

"Well, I'm glad to hear you're still doing well. You'll have to let me know when he starts tearing apart the rest of your house. And take pictures! I'd love to see the mess." Jimin responded with his lips upturned as he gripped the strap of his bag. Yejin's smile grew even wider. She reached out and offered her hand to the omega.

"You're precious, I would love to show you," the woman paused as she squeezed Jimin's hand, "So what are you working on today? Are you still tutoring?"

The omega gave her hand a light squeeze back before she let go, "Yes, but today I'm just studying for an exam I have tomorrow. You know, tutoring myself," the woman let out a little laugh at that, and Jimin couldn't help but smile. He continued, "I'm just here to meet with a friend."

She hummed in thought then stood up a little bit to look around the large space of the library behind Jimin. Her eyes scanned the area before they widened and she let out a satisfied sounding squeak.

"There he is! It must be him, he's the only other person who has visited me here today."

Jimin craned his neck to look for the boy in question. He smiled then let out a snort when he saw Hoseok sitting in the corner with his feet hanging over the side of his chair, head leaning back, and a book laying limp in his lap. It looked like he had dozed off.

"Yup, that's him."

When he turned back, the woman was watching him with a smug look on her face, "He's pretty cute, huh? Is he maybe...a potential romantic interest of yours?"

Jimin's eyes widened comically and his lips parted as he started shaking his head, "Oh no no no, he's just a friend--he's like a brother to me actually." He watched as her face fell.

"Oh alright then...I guess I got a little too ahead of myself. It just shocks me that you haven't snagged someone yet, you're such a gem," the blond couldn't help but feel a little shy at the praise. Yejin noticed and gave him a soft look, "I live for the day you find someone so I can watch them fall head-over-heels for you. You're gonna have them wrapped around your pretty little finger...or no, as you kids are saying these days--they're going to be absolutely whipped." She finished longingly.

Jimin laughed and ducked his head as a small blush crept up onto his ears, "Oh, I don't know about that."



The omega trained his eyes on his hands that were resting on the counter as he thought back to his previous relationship. What she was saying definitely wasn't the case there, as his ex-boyfriend had never treated him as if he was anything particularly special. Looking back, Jimin knew now that he had been a horrible excuse for a man and an alpha--he had been cruel with his words but Jimin couldn't help but blame himself because he had grown up believing similar things. Jimin had even been convinced that the boy loved him, but had ended up being terribly wrong, and the experience had almost caused him to fully give up hope that he would find a genuine relationship any time soon, let alone during his college years.

He was afraid that future relationships would end up being a huge, unfulfilling waste of his time like his ex was.

And because of him, Jimin had almost completely shut off his heart and feelings for other boys so he could focus on school entirely and not have to worry about finding someone that wasn't immature or disrespectful. He simply just didn't have the time for it, and since he broke things off with his ex a year ago, he had been pretty successful in ignoring them.

That was, of course, until he sat down in his trigonometry class on the first day of school and laid eyes on one specific alpha who had completely flipped that all upside down for him--that was until he met Jungkook.

Except Jungkook wasn't an immature college boy, he was much different.

He was a very genuine and kind man, soft yet intense, and intelligent yet humble. He treated everyone with respect and was very passionate about the things he did in life as far as Jimin knew. Jungkook was also an incredible alpha along with being a breathtaking man, and there was no way in hell Jimin or his omega would have been able to deny their attraction to him for a second, even if he previously always tried to deny his feelings or push them away.

For the first time in a long time, he realized that he didn't want to deny them.

He didn't want to hold back. Even if he was still a little hesitant to fully open himself up to be completely vulnerable to him, Jimin still wanted to take the dive into the deep end in hopes of Jungkook being there to catch him. And if things didn't work out, at least he could say he tried--but Jimin had the feeling that if the alpha was anything close to as amazing of a lover as he was a man in general, then he would swim just fine. That was his hope at least.



Just the thought of the alpha had the corners of Jimin's mouth pulling up. He still couldn't really believe they were going to actually give things a chance--it felt too unreal, like he had won some sort of lottery or like it was just a dream he would wake up from at any moment--but it still excited him to no end.



Jimin had to pull himself away from his veering train of thoughts and bring them back to his current conversation. He would have loved to bring up the fact that he had kind of maybe already found someone new to the woman sitting in front of him, but he couldn't, and that was going to be his reality for a while. No matter how badly Jimin would want to gush about the man that had completely captivated him, he was going to have to keep it in.

The small woman didn't seem to notice how lost he had been in his own thoughts as she settled back in her chair. When he looked up at her, she pivoted back towards the computer and winked at him.

"Oh, I'm very sure about it. You just wait and see, sweetheart."

Jimin smiled softly at her reassurance. He was going to need to make sure he continued to stop in here on a regular basis so he could keep chatting with her. Seeing her always made his day.

Just as Jimin was about to speak, Yejin looked over his shoulder and then back to him again.

"I think your friend is waking up. You should probably go make sure he knows you're here, he looks a little confused," She snorted and suddenly the phone next to her was ringing. After taking a peek at the caller ID, she rolled her eyes with a smirk and reached out for it, "It's that gentleman from the Student Services office that I think has a thing for me. You know the one."

Jimin let out a laugh but then quieted himself when he realized where he was. She smiled mischievously at him as she picked up the phone and greeted whoever was on the other line. The blond took that as his queue to leave and she held the phone away from her ear as they waved goodbye.

"Have a good night, honey." She whispered sweetly with a smile before straightening her face and holding the phone back up to her ear. Jimin returned her smile with his own toothy grin and shook his head in amusement as he turned to start walking towards his friend.

He immediately spotted the taller boy sitting in the corner of the library that was well-lit by the sunlight coming in through the windows. As the beta spotted him, he raised an eyebrow and placed his book that had previously been on his lap on the table. Jimin saw the look on his face and became a little confused as he reached him and pulled out a chair for himself.

"What's that look for?" The omega sat down and took his bag off of his shoulder. He watched the beta's expression carefully as he started to dig through it to grab his books.

"I just had a dream that I was in the hospital after breaking my leg at one of our performances and you walked in and apologized for it," Jimin's brows furrowed as he side-eyed his friend.

"And what exactly did I do to break your leg...?"

Hoseok just shook his head with an exasperated look on his face, "It's not what you did, it's what you said," he gave Jimin a pointed look and the omega stared blankly waiting for him to finish. He sighed, "You told me to break a leg. And I did. So next time we have a performance you better not say a word to me unless it's you telling me to win an absurd amount of money or something."

Jimin just scoffed at his comment and opened his textbook, "Ah, I'll make sure to do that," he let out sarcastically.

He then watched as the beta rested his head on his hand and closed his eyes again. Jimin switched his voice to a softer tone, "Didn't sleep last night?"

"Hmm..." Hoseok hummed before he folded his arms on the table and laid his head on them, "The roommate kept me up all night. He was having some sort of party."

Jimin looked away from where he was scribbling some equations into his notes and stilled his movements.

"On a Monday night?"

Hoseok nodded tiredly, "Oh yeah. The day of the week doesn't matter to these people."

The omega just turned his attention back to the math in front of him as he slowly nodded his head. He couldn't imagine partying seven days a week, let alone even once on a school night. Maybe part of it was because he was always so busy all the time now, but he also knew he wasn't one for parties much anyways if they were loud and there were too many people. They stressed him out a little bit. He preferred nights in if he wasn't practicing or tutoring, and often found himself snuggled up in either his or Taehyung's nest reading or watching movies and dramas to relax. That was just more his style, but he didn't have anything against what other people did for fun--to each their own after all. He still felt for his friend, though. Hoseok looked exhausted.

"Well, I'll be sure to stay quiet so you can take a nap before we go to practice. Use my bag as a pillow or something." He wrapped his hand around the strap and dragged it over to the beta. Hoseok just mumbled a "thanks" before he picked it up and laid his head down on it then closed his eyes. Jimin resisted the urge to coo at the pout that formed on his face as he nodded off again.

He used the newfound silence to his advantage to focus on his studying and turned back to start completing some of the problems from the packets Jungkook had given him. The omega found that it didn't take much effort for him to fall into a steady flow, completing the questions one-by-one at a pretty fast pace.

In fact, he ended up not even fully paying attention to the math sitting in front of him after he realized he could probably do it in his sleep, so while Jimin worked he let his thoughts wander. Naturally, they mostly ended up involving his favorite alpha.

He had already accepted the fact that his thoughts would mostly consist of Jungkook from now on, especially now that he could freely think about him without feeling as guilty as he did before. So Jimin's mind darted from thinking about the previous night and the things they had talked about to other random things he admired about him, and the omega realized how lucky he actually was. The man could easily have anyone he wanted with so little as a smile in their direction, and any omega would be falling over their own feet for a chance with him because he was just that charming--he could have chosen anyone, but he chose Jimin. He wanted Jimin.

And Jimin's omega was constantly preening at the thought that such a fine alpha was interested. Lately, his wolf hadn't been as restless, at least not in the way it had been previously. If anything, it now craved the alpha's presence in a new way, except it was a much more primal and animalistic want. Jimin knew that Jungkook was a potential mate, and so did his omega. It had known since the start and it wanted him bad--to be chosen by him, claimed by him, and to Jimin's surprise, bred by him.

Jimin on the other hand knew it was much too early to consider a permanent bond with the man, especially considering the fact that they technically weren't even together yet. Of course, he couldn't help but entertain the idea of being mated with him, of walking around one day with the alpha's mark on his neck, carrying his pups. Jimin thought it sounded quite nice, actually, but that was a long way down the road--if Jungkook still wanted him then.

He definitely hoped so.



The blond set his pen down when he heard his stomach make a dissatisfied noise. It was a little past 3 PM now and he was hungry, but it was too early to eat another meal so he decided on snacking on some fruit he had brought with him. He glanced across the table at where Hoseok was quietly snoring, his head a dead weight on his bag, and he internally cursed himself when he realized he might have to pry him off of it. He debated over it for a moment.

Jimin stretched his arm out and gently moved the flap of the bag up to reach inside, and was able to successfully pull out the banana that was secure in the front pouch. He let the bag sink back to the table and managed to pull the fruit away without bothering the beta in the slightest. Jimin hummed in satisfaction and slowly started to unpeel it. Just as his lips were coming down around it to take his first bite he noticed a slight change in the air around him. He moaned quietly at the taste of the fruit and the pleasant new scent he was inhaling before his eyes were widening and he was looking towards the entrance to the library.

There, across the room, walking straight up to the front desk where Yejin was now typing frantically at her keyboard, was the man that had just spent the past hour at the forefront of his mind. Jimin locked his eyes onto him immediately and refused to look away.

This was his first time seeing the alpha since their talk, and Jimin almost felt a little shy at the sight of him. He also wasn't entirely sure how to act so he just stayed in his seat and took his time to admire.

As he watched, the omega felt his mouth water a little bit at the sight of Jungkook looking absolutely delicious in his signature black slacks that were now paired with a powder blue button-up that hugged the muscles of his chest and arms just right. Jimin couldn't help but felt a little bubble of pride at the sight and wanted to stand up and prance right over to him to pull the alpha away to an abandoned area of the library so he could devour him.

Jimin only noticed that as his professor had been carrying a stack of textbooks when he set them down on the counter and greeted the woman that had yet to see him walk in. Yejin was deeply preoccupied with whoever she was talking to on the phone and the screen in front of her, but when she turned to see who was standing there her eyes widened and Jimin thought he could see her cheeks turning red all the way from where he was sitting. She quickly rolled her chair to the side and hung the phone up and Jimin let out a low chuckle at her actions.

Jungkook looked a little taken aback for a second, but then leaned with one forearm against the counter with a charming smile on his face as he started talking to her about something that he couldn't hear, presumably about the books he had just brought in. As the two of them conversed, the woman's flustered state only seemed to increase and she had yet to take her eyes off of him even once. Jimin thought he even saw her eyes travel down to skim over his torso as he spoke, and the omega had to conceal the smirk that was threatening to appear on his face when he noticed her current state. He understood that feeling all too well.

Soon the small woman was jumping up out of her seat and grinning wider than Jimin even knew she could muster as she started gathering up the books. The omega thought he could hear her let out a laugh at something Jungkook said as she waved him off bashfully and tried to fit them all in her small arms. He saw her eyes linger on him before she turned around and brought them into the room behind the desk. Jimin assumed that's where they kept extra textbooks and class materials, but he wasn't sure.

The blond found his gaze back on the alpha that was now alone leaning against the counter and contemplated for a second if he should make his presence known to the man. Before he could debate over it too much in his head he saw that the alpha's head was suddenly turning away from the counter with furrowed brows as he started scanning the room. It looked as though he was looking for something specific instead of just casually glancing around, and his body slightly turned from where he stayed leaning against the counter as he searched. The omega was curious as to what exactly it was that he was looking for until Jungkook's eyes landed right on him and immediately stopped. Jimin's breath hitched as soon as they made eye contact.

The omega watched as Jungkook's eyebrows raised slightly and a smile started to tug at the corner of his mouth. He subconsciously gripped the half-eaten fruit in his hand as the alpha briefly glanced back toward the door the smaller woman had disappeared into and whipped his head back around to continue watching him. Jimin couldn't stop the smile that grew on his face at the attention, but returned the eye contact with just as much intensity as the alpha. He rested his elbow on the table and lifted his hand up to place the side of his head in it before tilting it slightly. Jungkook was still smiling softly at him and looked a little too good leaning against the counter the way he was. The unwavering attention made Jimin feel a little brave.

The omega peeked out of the corner of his eye to see that Hoseok was still sleeping soundly where he laid his head on his bag, and turned his head slightly to look around him to make sure no one else was there. He was pleased to find no one else in his line of sight other him and Jungkook so he looked back towards the alpha with a gaze that was a little more piercing than before.

Jimin smirked a little mischievously as he ran his tongue over his bottom lip before gently biting it. He watched as Jungkook's eyebrows lifted a little further and felt a little bit of satisfaction as he tore his gaze away from the omega's eyes to watch the movements of his lips. Because of Jungkook's reaction, Jimin felt a little excited and decided that he wanted to play with his alpha a little bit--just because he could.

The blond crossed his legs under the table and readjusted himself so he was completely facing the direction of the counter and then rested his chin back on his hand. He slightly leaned into his own touch and brought his thumb out to press and swipe it over his thick bottom lip in one long, slow motion. A smirk formed on his face when he saw Jungkook's confident smile falter.

Since Jimin knew he had his full attention now, he barely hesitated before he glanced at the banana that he was still holding in his other hand and slowly brought it up to his lips. The alpha's gaze visibly hardened and that just gave Jimin the little boost of courage he needed, so he darted his tongue out to draw a line up the fruit's length and then rested it against his bottom lip. Jungkook's smile was now completely gone, and the omega hummed a little bit when he saw the alpha adjust his posture slightly and squeeze his hand into a fist on the counter.

Jimin didn't want to waste any time, so without taking his gaze off of the man he moved the fruit up and parted his lips to wrap them around the top of it. Jungkook's eyebrows lifted even further and his own mouth parted slightly in response as the omega slowly sunk his lips down about an inch. He couldn't help the small sound of pleasure he let out at the sweet taste, and with the way the alpha readjusted his position and ran his tongue over his bottom lip, he was sure the sound had carried through the silence of the library over to him, and that he had heard it with how intently his senses seemed to be trained onto the smaller boy.

Just as Jimin was about to sink his lips down a little further, he caught a shuffle of movement in the doorway behind the counter, and soon the older woman was walking through it with a new stack of books piled in her arms. Jungkook didn't seem to notice her right away so the omega stopped his movements and finally took a bite of the fruit. When he pulled his lips away to chew the alpha was being startled slightly out of his trance by her setting the books on the counter. Jungkook whipped his head around to focus his attention back on the woman that was now talking to him again.

Jimin smiled in satisfaction when he saw the man straighten his posture and reach down to adjust his belt subtly as if trying to conceal his growing arousal. He felt a little bad because Jungkook had always chosen to wear such well-fitting pants, but also felt a little bit of pride at knowing how easy it was for him to get the alpha riled up.

He pretended to focus his attention back on the books that had been forgotten in front of him as the two standing at the front desk dove back into their conversation. However, he continued to watch out of the corner of his eye and noticed how Yejin still seemed to be completely in awe of the alpha as they spoke. She would send him a shy smile or wave her hands around excitedly as Jimin assumed she was going off on different tangents telling him stories like she always did. Jimin just thought it was entertaining because knew that she probably wasn't seriously interested in him. After all, she was very loyal to her husband and loved him more than anything--he knew her better than that. Her intentions were always playful and harmless, so Jimin wasn't worried at all. Jungkook seemed to be just as entertained as the omega was, and was now back to smiling brightly and laughing along with her stories.

After a few more minutes of them talking, Jimin saw the woman wave her hand at him as she sat back down at her computer. They both smiled at each other and Jimin was sure they had finished their conversation as Jungkook wrapped one of his arms around the stack of textbooks and pulled them off the counter. Jimin lifted his gaze a little bit when he saw the alpha turn away from the woman and stop to move his eyes back to the blond boy. When their eyes connected for a few seconds the omega smiled innocently at him and Jungkook returned it with a soft one of his own and a small shake of his head. When the alpha broke their gaze and started walking towards the door, Jimin couldn't help but keep his eyes on him until he had disappeared into the hallway.



The omega let out a breath he wasn't aware he had been holding and shifted his line of sight from the door back over to the woman sitting behind the counter who was now looking right at him with an amazed expression on her face. She raised her hand to point her thumb at the door that Jungkook had just exited out of and mouthed a silent "wow" towards the smaller boy. Jimin smiled and ended up nodding slightly in agreement but then ducked his head so he wouldn't completely give himself away.

If only she knew.



He sat there for a few more minutes before he checked the time on his phone and saw that it was only another hour or so before he and the beta sleeping next to him had to be to the dance studio. They still had to change their clothes and find some real sustenance to put in their stomachs so they could have enough energy for the long night ahead of them. He reached over and gently tugged on the taller boy's ear to wake him up, and the beta let out a disgruntled sound and turned his head towards the omega before blinking his eyes open at him in confusion.

"Sorry to wake you, but we should probably get going now," Jimin said softly.

Hoseok just groaned and lifted his head up off of the bag as he nodded. Jimin slid it towards himself on the table and started to pack up his things as the beta sat there trying to bring himself back to his senses. When he shuffled his packets around to slide them back into his notebook he saw an extra packet mixed in that he hadn't previously seen. Jimin pulled it out of the stack and looked it over in confusion for a second, then flipped it around and saw what was written at the top in neat script.

trig 304 answer key - Jeon

The omega smiled at the handwriting when he realized it was Jungkook's, but then quickly realized that he had accidentally grabbed his professor's copy of the practice exam problems with the answers in it while he had been gathering his things after his tutoring session the previous day. Jimin knew that the alpha was probably going to need this before the exam tomorrow so he started to pack his things into his bag at a faster pace. He needed to get to Jungkook's office before he left for the day.

"Hey, I need to stop by and return something to one of my professors, do you want to just meet up at practice?" The omega said as he stood from the table and threw his bag over his shoulder.

The beta was looking at him with a tired expression before he followed in Jimin's footsteps and stood up from the table, "I can just come with you if you want. Then maybe we can swing somewhere and get some food."

Jimin paused his movements. He hadn't really considered having the beta come with him--he was planning on just visiting the alpha by himself. However, with a look towards Hoseok's hopeful expression, he felt like it would have been rude to deny him. There was no reason he couldn't come along, even if Jimin had been a little excited to see the man in private. He quickly realized that it was right at the beginning of his office hours so there was probably not much of a chance the man would even be alone when he got back anyway.

"Sure." Jimin agreed.

Hoseok nodded as the two of them chatted while they walked towards the entrance, and Jimin stopped to throw his banana peel away before they exited the doors and walked at a slightly brisk pace through the hallways towards their destination. Once they reached the door to Jungkook's office the omega quietly craned his head in to see if anyone was in there. His suspicion that the alpha wouldn't be alone was confirmed when he saw a student he didn't recognize sitting at one of the chairs across from him.  Jungkook was leaning forward in his seat and talking him through one of the problems in the book he had laid out on the desk.

Jimin lifted his hand to knock at the open door gently to announce his arrival, and the alpha's eyes snapped up from where they were focused on the boy's paper in front of him when he heard the sound. He looked a little surprised as soon as he saw who was standing in the doorway, but his lips still curved into a smile--a much softer one than they had exchanged in the library.

"Jimin-ssi," Jungkook's voice softened as the omega took a step into the room with a shy smile and Hoseok quickly followed in his footsteps while he looked around the office out of curiosity. Something in alpha's expression seemed to change a little bit at the realization that another person was with him and his eyes flickered to the boy sitting in front of him before he turned his attention back towards the blond, "What brings you here today?"

"Hello, Professor," Jimin was suddenly a little nervous because of the extra company in the room with them so he adjusted his grip on the stack of papers that was in his hands, "I think I accidentally grabbed some of your materials when I left yesterday. I just wanted to swing by and drop them off."

He took a few steps towards the alpha's desk and tried to act as casually as possible even though he could feel that the man had yet to take his eyes off of him. Hoseok was just standing there in the doorway waiting and offered a small wave when the two of them looked over at him, and the boy that was previously working was now watching them out of curiosity.  Jungkook turned back to Jimin and cleared his throat before reaching out to grab the sheets from the omega's extended hand.

"Ah, thank you. I was looking for these."

Jimin watched as their fingers brushed slightly during the exchange and couldn't stop the slight blush that spread onto his cheeks when he remembered that those same hands had been the ones to run through his hair and gently hold his own. When he lifted his head he saw that Jungkook was still watching him, and for a few seconds, Jimin found it impossible to tear his eyes away from the darker ones in front of him. He had to remind himself that they were not alone in the room and pulled his hand away to rest it back on the strap of his bag. Jimin could still feel the slight heat in his cheeks when he straightened up and plastered a smile back onto his face. He could tell Jungkook was pulling himself out of his own thoughts as well.

"I'm glad I noticed it before our exam," He stood there a little awkwardly when he realized that all three sets of eyes in the room were now on him, and Jimin was once again wishing he was the only one in the room with the alpha. Jungkook looked as though he wanted to say something but thought against it, so he ended up just nodding his head and smiling kindly at the omega.

Jimin decided it would just be smart to cut the interaction short since there were other people around.

"I guess I'll be seeing you tomorrow in class then."

Jungkook gave one final nod of his head and leaned back in his chair. Just as Jimin was going to turn to leave, he spoke.

"Ah...since the exam is tomorrow I haven't received any interest from anyone to come in and tutor with you, but there will be a few things I might need help with if you still wanted to stop by after your classes." The alpha was looking at him expectantly.

Jimin thought the proposal sounded innocent and reasonable enough, but after the two shared a knowing look, he knew that it was probably just an excuse to get the omega to come back and see him. He smirked.

"Sure thing, I'll be there."

They smiled at each other and Jimin turned towards the boy sitting there. He didn't want to completely ignore his presence so he bowed slightly, which was returned, and then strolled back over to the beta to grab his arm and pull him out of the room. Hoseok turned towards him once they were a good distance away from the door and let out a laugh.

"Oh, I totally get it now. That's the professor Taehyung-ah was talking about a few weeks ago, isn't it?"

Jimin knew a question like that was going to come. While he wanted to answer his friend that yes, yes he was, he just shook his head and squeezed his arm. He changed the subject instead.

"Let's go get you some caffeine or something."

The blond led him in the direction of the cafeteria and the beta immediately dropped the topic and perked up at his words. Jimin was thankful for Hoseok's somewhat short attention span, and he listened to him talk excitedly about food that they were about to eat until they reached the large cafeteria. Jimin just smiled at his enthusiasm and followed his friend as he pulled open the doors.





...





-Wednesday





Jungkook stood by the door of the lecture hall he taught his trigonometry class in and smiled to the students as they walked inside. He could tell many of them were nervous as this was their first exam for the class, so he tried to give them reassuring looks when they passed by him. It was only a few more minutes until the class hour started and he wanted to watch and wait for any stragglers left in the hallways that decided to show up just on time. He already knew that there was going to be a student or two who just didn't show up because that's just how some college kids were, but he wanted to make sure as many people were in the room as possible before he shut the door and began the exam.

Most of the students that passed by him greeted him with small bows, and a few even stopped to chat with him for a minute or two with additional questions they had regarding the test. He tried his best to offer his full attention to each and every one of them and greet them by name if he knew it. The alpha found that the more he interacted with them the more likely they were to listen to him during class, and if they listened in class then they did better on their assignments, which in turn looked good for him to the board of directors. It was a win-win for everybody.

Once the pair of students that he was currently chatting with finished up their questions and walked away, he caught sight of the person he had been most excited to see coming towards him.

The petite boy walked up to him with his taller friend--who he had learned to be Taehyung--in tow, and the alpha already couldn't take his eyes off of him. He looked absolutely breathtaking in his soft-looking, white, long-sleeve top that had a wide collar and showed off the expanse of his neck and collarbones perfectly, and a pair of light skinny jeans that almost looked as if they were leggings with how nicely they clung to the curves of his legs. His blond hair had a slight wave to it and his hazel eyes were bright and beautiful along with his smile. Once he came a little closer the alpha could see now that he also had what looked like a dusting of dark eyeshadow placed perfectly along his lash line and lids, and he thought they made his eyes look even more alluring than they already did. The omega simply looked angelic overall, and Jungkook was almost at a complete loss for words as he strolled right up to him and flashed his perfect teeth. The alpha was almost knocked back by how sweet and bright his vanilla scent was, and he was pleased to assume that the boy must be in a very good mood today.

"Good morning, Professor Jeon." He said cheerfully. Jungkook smiled at the sound of his name rolling off of his tongue, it never got old. The omega next to him just echoed his good morning a little tiredly.

"Good morning to you, Jimin-ssi," he turned to the taller boy out of politeness, "You as well, Taehyung-ssi. I'm sure you're both looking forward to getting this exam over with."

The brunette just grumbled in affirmation and continued walking to go take his seat in the front row. Jungkook noticed that as soon as he sat down he leaned back in his seat with his arms crossed and closed his eyes. The alpha turned back towards the stunning boy in front of him with a questioning look and Jimin seemed to catch on to his silent question.

"He has a new boyfriend that's been keeping him up at all hours of the night, he's okay--just sleepy." The omega laughed fondly at his friend. Jungkook raised his eyebrows and leaned against the door out of habit then placed his hands inside of his pockets so he could control himself from accidentally reaching out and touching Jimin in some way like he wanted to.

"Ah, I see," Jungkook refrained from commenting on the new boyfriend part, but the two of them shared a knowing look so he knew Jimin was thinking the same thing, "How are you feeling this morning?"

The omega must have taken that question as if he was referring to the exam, "Oh, I'm a little nervous just because it's the first one, but I think I should be okay."

Jungkook thought the way he was standing with his long sleeves mostly covering his hands that were folded in front of him made him look a little smaller than usual, and he couldn't help but want to reach out and pull his lithe body into him by his waist and hold it against his own. Jungkook was glad that he had put his hands in his pockets to stop himself, but they itched with the need to feel him.

He just smiled softly and lowered his tone so only the two of them could hear him.

"I know you'll do perfectly," he watched as Jimin's eyes widened a little bit and added, "You always do."

Jimin smiled shyly at his comment and turned his face away a little bit to hide it, and the alpha thought it was endearing. However, Jungkook had learned by now what usually followed his shyness, and he had a feeling if they weren't standing where most of the class could see them Jimin probably would have proven him to be right. He was sure a flirty response would have come, but instead, the blond just hummed and played with the rings on his fingers. Cute.

"I guess we'll have to wait and see tonight." Was all he said before he locked eyes with the alpha and started to back into the room. Jungkook could sense the implication of his tone by the look on his face and the way he swayed his hips when he walked to his seat. The alpha had to make a genuine effort to tear his gaze away from him and not look down to admire the way his ass and legs looked in the jeans he was wearing. He knew he wouldn't be able to look away if he did, and there was an entire room of his students that would have noticed it.

Jungkook took one final sweep of the hallway with his eyes before he checked his watch. It was already time for him to begin so he pulled the door closed as he entered and walked straight to his desk to pick up the stack of exams that he had printed out. He counted out the number he needed before bringing them to the students at the end of each row so they could pass them along to the person next to them. Once he saw that all of the students in the room had their copies he walked back up to the front and stood by his podium.

"Alright. Time starts now. Feel free to use any blank sheets of paper to write your work out on, but make sure they are stapled to your test and they have your name on them otherwise I won't be able to give you the credit that you deserve for your work. You may hand me your tests and leave once you have finished. Good luck."

He was met with a few hums of acknowledgment and most of the room nodding in varying levels of enthusiasm before they all settled down to start working through the problems in front of them. Jungkook took a seat at the desk in the front of the room and pulled out some of his own materials so he could get some work done in the now quiet environment.

As he sat there he would occasionally scan the room to make sure there weren't any signs that someone was cheating on their test--such as looking down at their lap for no reason or glancing at the person next to them. Cheating was highly frowned upon at the university, and although Jungkook didn't necessarily enjoy having to confront people about it he still knew he had a job to do, so, for the most part, his eyes were glued to his students when he wasn't focused on the papers in front of him.

He was pleased to see that all of them had their eyes on their own exam every time he looked up. Some were hastily scribbling down their work and others were staring with a lost look in their eyes while flipping through the problems, but no one was copying from anyone else. He relaxed a little bit--he could trust most of his students. It was times like these when Jungkook was glad they had a lot of respect for him, and he assumed that they wouldn't dare to make one wrong move in fear of disappointing him.

Jungkook smiled at the thought and let his eyes drift to the spot in the front row that he had been trying to keep his gaze away from in fear of getting too distracted. When he saw the omega sitting there calmly writing out the answers to his questions, he could feel his breath catch in his throat. Jungkook admired the way he sat with his head tilted to the side and a slight pout on his lips as he concentrated, and the way his hair fell over his forehead when he leaned his head over his paper. He watched in fascination as he flipped through the exam and wrote down his answers with little hesitation, and how after every other problem he would tap his pencil on his bottom lip before diving right into the next one.

After one particularly long problem he had reached up to rub his fingers against his neck and Jungkook found himself watching the way they pressed into the creamy skin. When he moved his hand away, the entirety of his neck and clavicle was visible again and Jungkook couldn't find it in himself to look away. He let his eyes scan every curve from his shoulder to his jaw and across his throat to the other side. He let himself picture what the omegas neck would look like with his own mating bite on it disrupting the beautiful expanse of his skin, and he almost let out a growl of excitement at the thought. Then for a second the alpha just kept his eyes trained on the spot below his ear where he knew his scent gland was and inhaled what he could still smell of him in the air. It caused that familiar warmth to spread through his body that he had only ever felt with Jimin--the feeling of his alpha who desperately wanted his omega.

And Jungkook let himself feel it. He let his alpha lay claim on the beautiful man's omega because he knew that there was probably never going to be another person that would ever make it feel like it did now. The wolf inside of him had already decided long ago that this was the one, and Jungkook wanted more than anything for that to be the case. No matter how early it was, the man already knew that Jimin was the most breathtaking person he had ever laid eyes on. He was handsome and beautiful inside and out, and the alpha was more than thrilled by the fact that he was giving Jungkook a chance--that Jimin wanted to pursue this just as bad as he did, and Jungkook was going to do everything in his power to make sure he didn't fuck it up. His priority now was Jimin, and he was okay with that.

Even though they were just dipping their toes in, Jungkook knew he was ready to dive. He was ready to give it all for the chance of having him as his own. It now made him feel restless and a little bit uncomfortable to even think of Jimin being with anyone else, and he himself had already decided he wasn't interested in searching anymore.

Maybe this was what his parents meant when they said that once he found his person he would just know. Jungkook hoped so.



The alpha pulled himself out of his thoughts when he heard someone in front of him shuffling in their seat. He realized that he had zoned out with his eyes still on the omega and had to bring them back to land on the papers in front of him. After a few moments, he heard another shuffling noise except it was louder this time, so he looked back up to see that Jimin was already standing from his seat and gathering his things. He glanced at his watch to see that it had only been about twenty minutes since he handed out the exams, and his eyes widened in awe when he realized that the omega had already finished. He was impressed, to say the least.

The blond caught his attention and smiled at him as he approached. When he reached the desk, he extended his arm and flashed a wide grin. Jungkook reached out to grab the papers gently and couldn't hide the awe shining through his expression when he took a look at the first few problems and they were flawlessly written out--all of the answers being correct. Jungkook knew he had to be respectful of the other students who were working so instead of voicing his thoughts he just nodded slowly. When he met eyes with Jimin's again he made sure to convey through his emotions that he was proud.

Jimin seemed pleased at his quiet response and hesitated a little before he winked at Jungkook and turned on his heel to leave.

This time, however, after scanning the room to make sure no one was paying attention to him, he let his eyes drift down the omega's body as he walked away. Once he caught sight of the perfect curve of his ass he almost let out a moan on the spot. Fuck.

Jungkook adjusted himself in his seat and tried to take his mind off of Jimin now that he was gone. He focused his attention back on his work and tried to get a little bit more done so he wouldn't have too many distractions later on when he was able to see the omega again.

After all, it wasn't irresponsible if he was still getting his work done, and he always went above and beyond and did more than he was supposed to anyways.

He just wasn't entirely sure how he was going to be able to control himself around Jimin now that they had talked about how they felt for one another, and it was going to be almost impossible to keep his eyes off of him when other people were around, but he needed to make even more of an effort now than before. Staring in class probably wasn't the smartest option--but damn was it hard not to.

Maybe the distractions weren't such a bad thing.



Soon enough more students started to bring him their exams, and he just set them in a pile in front of himself for him to go through later. Eventually, Jungkook saw the brunette that was sitting next to Jimin stand up and walk over to his desk. When the omega stood in front of him, he gave Jungkook a hesitant look before reaching out and setting his paper down in front of him. The alpha thought he looked a little suspicious about something, and when Jungkook offered him a smile he just returned the look with a side-eye before walking back to his desk to grab his bag and leave. It confused the alpha a little bit because he wasn't sure what he had done to receive such a look, but he chalked it up to the omega just being tired as Jimin had said.

Unless...Jimin had said something to the taller boy already about their conversation and he knew about them. Jungkook really hoped he hadn't because he had put a lot of trust into the omega to not say anything, and he really didn't know much about Taehyung to feel comfortable with him having that information quite yet.

He decided to not make any assumptions until he spoke to Jimin about it. Perhaps he was just imagining things.



Once the last of the students had handed him their tests and had filed out of the room, Jungkook stood and collected his things before leaving along with them. As he walked to his office where he would organize things before his next class, his mind drifted back to the omega.

He was just going to have to wait and see what tonight had in store for him.





Notes:
leave a comment with your thoughts if you enjoyed <3

my twitter: @jeonslegend
my cc: here

Chapter 14: Comfortable
Notes:
hey <3 so this story is now 1 month old :') I worked hard to get this chapter written just in time for it.
also-my own classes start on Sept 2nd (which is my birthday-I've accepted that it's only karma for doing the same thing to JK in this fic lmao) so once they begin I am probably going to be updating a little slower, hopefully still once a week but we will have to see :( I'm sorry in advance.

hope you enjoy this one :)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)

Chapter Text
-Wednesday





"So Jeon, how do you think they did?"



Jungkook carried the stack of exams that his students had taken throughout the day over to his desk before setting them down. He let out a relieved sigh then turned around to face the man that had followed him into his office.

"I'll have to grade them tonight to see for sure, but I think most of them did well. I took a peek at a few problems on a handful of the exams and a majority of them seem to be grasping the material, so I have a feeling the results will be just fine." Jungkook offered a satisfied smile when the man--one of the older statistics professors that often stopped by to chat with him about various things regarding their classes or work--gave him a proud look.

The alpha was very impressed to see that a lot of the tests he had looked at actually did have a lot of correct answers, and already knew that Jimin had probably gotten a perfect score on his without even having to see the rest of it. It made him feel pretty good to know that there had so far been a positive turnout. He knew his colleagues, such as the one standing in front of him right now, and the school board were all probably watching his class averages like a hawk since he was new. It made him a little nervous but he knew the other professors only wanted to help him--they all seemed to like him well enough.

"That's great, I'm sure the school board will be very impressed. You've been doing a hell of a job...and honestly, way better than some of us thought you were going to do. You know, just considering you're new," the man chuckled, and Jungkook couldn't help but feel proud of himself. It was understandable for them to have their doubts--he didn't take any offense to it. He was just glad he was making a good impression. The older alpha continued, "Personally, I knew from the start you would do well. When you got hired I took a look at your dissertation and I was blown away, to say the least. You've got one hell of a brain in that head of yours."

Jungkook sat at the edge of his desk facing the man as he leaned in the doorway, and one corner of his mouth raised in a half-smile, "Thank you. I'm glad that I'm living up to your expectations...but I can't take all of the credit. I have had some help."

That seemed to spark something in the other man's brain, and his eyes lit up a little bit in curiosity. He crossed his arms before speaking.

"Ah yes, I've been meaning to ask how that's been going. The tutor, I mean. Have they been worth your while?"

The alpha had to hold back his smile at the thought of Jimin. He could easily sing the omega's praises for hours, but he knew it would probably sound a little suspicious. Jimin has been more than worth it, and he has helped Jungkook more than the alpha could have ever imagined. He did a beyond incredible job, and the students were really benefiting from him as shown by the impressive quiz and assignment scores from the people he tutored. Deciding to have someone help him, only for it to end up being Jimin, was the best decision the alpha had ever made.

Jungkook smiled and crossed his ankles.

"He's been great--very intelligent and a wonderful leader. He actually mentioned he's never done it before, but I would never have been able to tell. He's a natural, and the other students love him." He's simply the most amazing person I have ever met. A true work of art, hard-working, friendly, drop-dead gorgeous--

"That's great, I'm glad to hear he's been helping you settle in." The man's eyebrows were a little raised and he looked both surprised and pleased.

Jungkook slowly nodded in agreement and did his best to keep a neutral expression on his face, "Yeah. He really has."

His colleague pushed himself off of the doorframe and uncrossed his arms before giving Jungkook a final nod of his own and sending him a smile.

"Well, I won't bother you too long. I'll let you get to grading those exams. Let me know if you need anything though, I'm just next door."

The alpha watched as he started to back out of the entryway just as he caught a whiff of vanilla in the air. Perfect timing.

"Thank you, I really appreciate it."

The man smiled then took one step back to exit just as Jimin rounded the corner and came into view. The omega smiled kindly at the man and bowed in greeting before turning towards Jungkook, who was still leaning against his desk. The alpha straightened his posture and un-crossed his ankles at the sight of him, and watched the two in the doorway for a second. He didn't miss how the older man gave Jimin a surprised look before his eyes flickered down the omega's body from where he was now standing behind him. He turned his head to Jungkook and locked eyes with him, then a small smirk formed on his face, and his eyebrows jumped before he strode down the hallway, out of sight. The alpha stared at the empty space his colleague had just been preoccupying with the beginning of a scowl on his face. Did he just...?

Jimin followed his gaze and turned to look behind himself, then slowly moved his head back with a confused expression. Jungkook immediately banished his near-murderous thoughts and replaced his scowl with a soft smile and met the boy's eyes.

"Hey."

The look of confusion on the omega's face faded as he stepped into the room and slung his bag off of his shoulder. Jimin's hazel eyes were locked onto him as he approached and set the bag down by his chair. Once his hands were free he straightened and turned his body slightly to look at the door behind him before turning back to Jungkook. A shy smile formed on his face now that they were alone.

"Hey..."

It looked as though Jimin was a little nervous and unsure of how to act at that moment, and Jungkook thought it was endearing. After all, this was the first time that they had gotten a chance to be alone together since Monday night, and there were still a lot of unspoken questions hanging in the air as to how things were going to be now and how they should, or could, act around each other.

Jungkook had thought a lot about it the past few nights as he laid awake in bed daydreaming of the boy that was now standing right in front of him, and he had concluded that he didn't want to overthink it anymore. He just wanted things to happen naturally and casually as they would if they weren't teacher-and-student. In private they could just be Jimin and Jungkook--they could just grow to know each other and things could develop naturally. He didn't want anything to feel tense or awkward if he could help it.

Of course, it was going to be a little different than normal. They were going to have to hide their emotions around others and keep everything between them behind closed doors, quite literally. As much as Jungkook wanted to show him off, he knew he couldn't. That was just their reality since they chose not to wait, but Jungkook was going to make it work.

The alpha offered a reassuring smile to the omega and adjusted his body language, leaning his arms on the desk by his sides instead of keeping them crossed in front of him, so Jimin could feel more comfortable.

"How was your day today?" Jungkook asked in a soft tone.

The blond seemed to relax his shoulders almost immediately before his smile grew. He stepped closer to the alpha and ran a hand back through his hair as he let out the breath he was holding.

"It was good. Great, actually. I woke up in a really good mood today, finished three exams that I think I did well on, and was able to get most of my essay done for one of my classes in my free time," he paused, then hesitated a little bit before he took another step closer and reached out to play with the collar of Jungkook's dark grey dress shirt. They met eyes and Jimin brushed his thumb over the fabric before moving his hand away and blushing a little bit. His voice lowered in volume before he continued, "Even better, there's this alpha that I kind of have a thing for...I got to see him first thing when I got here this morning."

Jungkook's eyebrows shot up at those words, "Oh yeah?"

Jimin took another slow step forward with a coy smile, "Mhm, and I get to see him again now...so yeah, I would say today has been a pretty great day."

"Ah..." the omega was close now, seemingly much more comfortable than he had been when he first walked in, and Jungkook let his eyes dart down to look at his lips as he spoke. Before he could say anything else, Jimin jumped a little.

"Oh! And it's nice and warm out today, so that's just an added bonus."

The alpha was a little taken aback by the quick change in demeanor, but Jimin was grinning now so Jungkook just let himself bask in the happiness radiating off of him. Seeing the omega get so excited over various things just made his heart melt. He couldn't wait to see what else in life made him smile like that--maybe it was seeing the beach, watching the first snow, or something completely different.

Jungkook wanted more than anything to find out.

He looked into his hazel eyes and smiled fondly, "I'm happy to hear that you had a good day."

Jimin returned his gaze and they shared a soft look. For a second something flashed in the omega's eyes and it almost looked like he was a little surprised to have heard Jungkook say that, but that only confused the alpha. Was he not used to hearing someone say something like that to him? That didn't seem like it could be the case. From the sounds of it, he had a very close relationship with his friends--he and Taehyung seemed like they were almost always glued at the hip and he spoke very fondly of him, and Jungkook had heard some very entertaining stories about someone named Hoseok, who he assumed was the boy he saw the omega with yesterday in his office. Did they never ask him something as simple as how his day was? Impossible.

The alpha frowned a little bit when he realized--Jimin never talked much about his family. Out of all the stories he heard, there was only one brief mention of his mother who he said he didn't get to see often. Other than that, nothing. Jungkook had listened to each and every one of his stories with intent, so he knew there was no way he was missing any important details unless the omega just decided to leave them out for one reason or another. From the sounds of it, his friends were his family.

It made Jungkook curious, but more than that it made him a little sad. He wanted to know everything about the beautiful boy in front of him--the good, the bad, and the ugly. He was going to have to ask about it when the time was right, but that time was not right now.



He focused his attention fully on the omega in front of him. Jimin was now holding his hands in front of himself and his eyes were back to looking vibrant. Any trace of the emotion from before was already gone.

"So what was it that you needed help with tonight?" Jimin's smile turned into a knowing look, "Or was that just an excuse to see me?"

Jungkook chuckled a little and started to lift his hand up so he could grab the smaller ones in front of him, but before he made contact he glanced over and saw that the door was still wide open and was immediately reminded that they weren't alone. There were probably still plenty of people roaming around campus for one reason or another, and anyone could walk by his door at any second.

He cleared his throat to break himself out of the trance the blond had briefly put him in, then pushed himself off of the desk and stepped around him to walk over and close it. When he turned back, Jimin was looking at him expectantly.

He started walking back towards his desk, but this time went around to the other side and pulled out his chair, "Well, first I should get these exams graded, which I can probably finish pretty fast on my own if there is anything you would like to work on...but then there are actually a few things I might need your help with."

"Oh. Okay." Jimin looked a little surprised at that, but nodded in understanding and then pulled his chair around to set it near his own.

Once they were both sitting down, Jungkook smiled when he noticed that Jimin had placed his chair so it was mostly facing him instead of the desk. The alpha was a little confused as to how he was going to get his work done that way so he watched in curiosity as he started to move around. To Jungkook's surprise, when the omega reached inside of his bag to grab one of his books and place it down, he turned and brought his legs up on the chair and curled up a bit so he was leaning his stomach over the arm of it that was parallel to the desk. After he maneuvered himself and scooted around a bit to get into a comfortable position, he opened the book to a page that had a creased bottom corner and folded his arms on top of each other on the desk before resting his chin on them.

Jungkook just watched him get comfortable in his spot, and for a moment thought he resembled a kitten with the way he just folded up and sunk right into the chair with little effort. The way his hazel eyes widened to see the lines of text in front of him only furthered the image in the alpha's mind. He looked absolutely adorable, and Jungkook was blown away that this was the same person who had been teasing him the previous day in the library.

The omega must have noticed that Jungkook was watching him because his eyes glanced over to the stack of untouched papers on the desk before tilting his head slightly to look at him. The alpha raised his eyebrows in amusement as he studied Jimin's new position.

"What? You said I could get comfortable in here, did you not?" The omega asked. There was a hint of playfulness in his tone.

Jungkook returned his question with a soft smile, "I absolutely did. There are no complaints here."

The corners of Jimin's lips turned up in a smug smile before he brought his eyes back to the book that was in front of him. Jungkook noticed that it was a thick novel instead of one of his usual textbooks. He must not have had any school work that needed to be done since he had finished most of it already, and he was probably a little worn out since his day was long and filled with exams. The alpha fully understood.



After Jungkook picked up his pen and started to go through the first couple of exams, he glanced over and noticed how intently the omega was focused on the pages in front of him. It seemed as though it took no time at all for him to become completely immersed in the story--his facial expression changing subtly along with the events that unfolded. Every once in awhile he would furrow his brows or widen his eyes as he quickly darted them along the tiny lines of text, flipping a new page every minute or so.

As Jungkook worked, he would glance next to him at times and find him in the same exact position, not having moved an inch since he started reading. After a little while, the omega made a small noise of surprise that broke through the comfortable silence they had fallen into. Jungkook smiled a little at his reaction to the book and looked over at him. He couldn't help but be a little curious.

"What is that you're reading?"

The omega finished skimming the paragraph he was on before he lifted his head off of his arms, "Stephen King--The Stand".

Jungkook looked a little taken aback and paused the movement of his pen that was writing out a correction to one of the problems in front of him.

"You like horror?"

Jimin nodded, "I love it."

The alpha was in awe for a second. He never would have guessed, the boy was full of surprises. All he could let out was a small, "Wow."

The smile that spread across the omega's face was almost a little shy as he turned back towards the book and continued to read. Jungkook just watched him for a few more seconds in admiration before turning to his work and diving back in.

They sat there for a while in perfect, comfortable silence, the only sound in the room being Jimin's frequent page turns and the scraping of Jungkook's pen across the papers as he wrote. It was honestly one of the most relaxing things the alpha had ever experienced, and he found himself being able to fly through his work at record speed because of it. Having Jimin there resting next to him as he worked was just as serene as he thought it would be, and he almost wanted to ask him to come and sit here with him every day because he loved it so much, but he knew that was unrealistic.

Once Jungkook was nearing the end of the stack of exams from his first class, he heard a quiet yawn coming from next to him and looked over to see the omega pushing the book away from himself as he stretched his arms forward. When he sat up in his seat from where he was laying his elbows on the desk, the collar of his wide-necked shirt fell down one of his shoulders slightly, but he didn't seem to notice. Jungkook now watched with rapt attention as he twisted in his chair to stretch his back and neck out before unfolding his legs and sitting normally in his seat. The omega let out a pleased sound before he met eyes with the larger man who he was now fully facing. Jungkook's eyes darted down to the exposed skin of his shoulder briefly and Jimin noticed it--the omega just smirked.

The alpha knew he had been caught staring so he turned his head and his attention back to the exams and started writing again. Jimin sat there for a few minutes before putting his book away and standing up from his seat. Out of the corner of his eye, Jungkook half-watched as the boy strolled casually around the room and started to look at some of the pictures that were placed in random areas or hung on the walls. When he stopped by the large oak bookshelf he reached out to grab the picture frame that was sitting there so he could eye it more closely.

"Where did you take this one?"

Jungkook craned his neck up as Jimin flashed him the picture, and he smiled fondly when he saw which one he was holding.

"Ah, that one was taken a few years back. A friend of mine and I took a hiking trip after I graduated with my Master's degree as a sort of a little celebration. That photo was taken at Hallasan National Park."

Jimin flipped it around and looked at it with an awestruck expression, "It's unbelievably beautiful."

"It really is." Jungkook nodded in agreement. It was one of the more memorable vacations he has taken, and he was able to spend the whole trip with Namjoon, who never stopped gushing about the flora and vegetation. He learned more than he cared to know about the different meanings of certain flowers along with other random facts about moss and trees, but he still had a lot of fun. He really wouldn't mind going back one day.

The alpha finished writing out a couple of corrections before placing the exam in his finished pile off to the side. He was still trying to complete them while Jimin took his time admiring various things in his office. Just as he reached for the last exam, that he had been purposefully saving for last, Jimin spoke again.

"Do you still do photography?" The omega had now moved on to look at one of the larger pictures hanging on the wall by the door, "Because if you don't, I really think you should."

Jungkook smiled at the omega's name on the top of the paper before looking at him, "I still love to when I have the time, but these past few months I've had to put it aside to focus on other things, and nowadays I don't have much time to travel, unfortunately."

Jimin hummed in understanding as he took in every detail of the picture with his arms resting behind his back. He turned to look at the alpha with a hopeful expression on his face.

"Maybe one of these days you could take some pictures of me."

The alpha took his attention away from his work for a second and leaned back in his chair to meet his eyes. He was a little surprised at the suggestion, but it was by no means something he hadn't already considered himself. He always thought that the omega would be the perfect model no matter what kind of pictures were being taken.

"I would love to." He offered a soft smile.

Jimin's lips parted a little bit before they grew to a toothy grin that made his eyes from into little crescents. He happily bounded over to study the other pictures hanging on the wall and Jungkook watched fondly before turning back to finish looking at the last few problems.

Soon the omega had made his way around the room and was now gazing at the framed degrees that were hanging behind Jungkook's desk. He came around to the side that the alpha was on before he saddled right up next to him and rested the back of his thighs against the edge of the desk so he could get a better view of what was written on them. He started to list off a few of the things he read.

"Wow. Ph.D. in mathematics...emphasis in education...complex variables and advanced calculus..." Jimin drifted off as he read off random parts of it, "Linear algebra...Summa Cum Laude...what does that mean?"

The alpha glanced up at the omega where he was standing right next to him. He was eye level with his waist and Jimin was looking down at him with a curious expression. Jungkook cleared his throat and hesitated.

"Uh...well. It's Latin for 'with the highest honor'. It was awarded to me when I graduated in the top one percent of my class." The alpha didn't add more than that--he never liked to brag about his achievements.

Jimin's eyes widened and he just stared at the alpha for a few seconds in silence. Jungkook let out a quiet laugh at his reaction and turned to place the last exam in the finished pile. He then leaned back in his chair so he could get a better view of the boy and give him his undivided attention. When he looked into the omega's eyes he saw something flash behind them that he didn't recognize before he was speaking.

"You know..." his gaze traveled down the alpha's chest before darting back up to meet his eyes, "You're kind of a nerd."

Jungkook smirked at his teasing tone and fired back, "Says the one who got a perfect score on his first trig exam."

A look of excitement took over the blond's face as he glanced over to where Jungkook had just placed his test.

"I did?"

"You did."

Jimin giggled a little bit at that, "Oh. Okay...well maybe we're both nerds then," when he looked back they shared a small smile, "But what I was going to say is that...it's a huge turn-on for me," he glanced down at the alpha's lips, "Like...Dr. Jeon. I think that's really fucking hot."

He reached out a hand and played with the knot of the alpha's tie before loosening it a little bit. Jungkook watched his thin fingers silently for a moment.

"Oh, I don't know about that..."

Jimin's hand moved down to rub over his chest. He was now leaning much closer to the alpha.

"Mm, but I do."

The omega started to lean forward a little bit and tilt his head, and he was now holding the back of Jungkook's neck as he pulled his face towards his own. The alpha let him bend down slightly to brush their lips together, but as soon as he could feel Jimin's breath on his face they heard a door shutting firmly somewhere close by. Startled, Jungkook pulled away a little bit and Jimin immediately leaned back up. The omega straightened his posture and folded his hands in his lap, looking a little rejected. Jungkook saw the look on his face and felt a little bad.

Following the noise, they heard a pair of heavy footsteps walking down the hallway, away from them. Once the muffled sound got quieter with its distance, Jungkook reached out a hand and smoothed it down the omega's arm reassuringly. Jimin gave him an understanding smile and they both relaxed a little bit.

"I guess we should get working on the other things you needed to get done."

"I suppose so," Jungkook squeezed his arm and contemplated for a second, "Now that I'm finished grading I need to head to the copy room to get some assignments made up for the next few weeks. Would you like to join me? I might need some help carrying things back."

"Sure!" Jimin pushed himself off the desk and walked around it to wait for the alpha to gather his things.

Once he had all of the different assignments he needed to make copies of for all of his classes, the two of them exited the office. As they walked the short distance to the copy room, they passed a few students here and there. Some were sitting in little alcoves by the windows with their faces buried in their laptops, and others were just walking from place to place. There were only a few of them due to the time of day and Jungkook knew they probably wouldn't be sticking around for much longer. However, when he passed them the ones that noticed them either greeted him or offered a small smile. Jimin just followed next to him silently the whole time and looked around casually.

Jungkook knew it was common for students to help their professors out around campus since he himself did it often when he was in school, so to any onlookers, this was just a normal situation. Jimin still seemed a little nervous so Jungkook shot him a reassuring smile as they walked, and he saw him relax a little bit.

Soon they were turning the corner into a very empty and silent hallway that only had a few small lecture halls in it. Jungkook knew that none of them were being used since this wasn't the first time he had stopped by the copy room at this time of day. He found the afternoon was actually the best time since there was only one copy machine on this side of the campus and he was able to use it all to himself instead of having to stand and wait with someone else as the sheets slowly printed off.

When they reached the door, Jungkook held it open for the omega. It was a very small and stuffy room that the alpha was sure used to be a closet of some sort because there was no window or lock on the door like any of the classrooms had. On the inside, it was just one table pressed up against a wall with a large copy machine and printer situated on it, and another small countertop across from it on the other wall. The room itself was small and could probably only comfortably hold two or three people in total before it felt crowded, and that was one of the main reasons why Jungkook preferred to come here when he knew it wouldn't be in use.

The two of them entered and the alpha set all of his papers in their respective piles on the table next to the printer. From the corner of his eye he could see Jimin walking over to the opposite counter to lift himself up to sit on the edge of it. When Jungkook placed his first assignment on the scanner and selected the amount he needed to be printed off, he turned towards the omega and let the machine do its job.

Jimin was already smiling at him like he had been wanting to say something but had to hold it in while there were in the hallway. The alpha gave him a questioning look and leaned next to him on the counter so they were side-by-side.

"You know...quite a few people have taken a liking to you around campus." The blond crossed his legs at the ankle and placed his hands in his lap.

Jungkook chuckled at that. He wasn't that blind anymore to the various looks he got from some of his students, but he was curious as to what Jimin meant. He moved his body so he was facing the smaller boy and leaned his hip against the counter, "Oh? Is that so?"

"Mhm, you've accumulated a lot of admirers. People can't take their eyes off of you--Yejin-ssi included from what I saw yesterday in the library." Jimin was gently swinging his legs as he kept his gaze fixed on his lap.

Jungkook cocked an eyebrow, "Yejin-ssi?"

The omega smiled and took his hands out of his lap to place them by his sides on the counter. He finally tilted his head to look at the alpha, "She's the librarian, the woman you were speaking to. She and I talk all the time, so I can tell what she is thinking just by her facial expressions. She was totally enamored."

The alpha just stared as he took a second to process what he said.

"You're friends with the librarian?"


"Yeah, I'd say so," Jimin started. Jungkook smiled because of course he was, that was the sweetest thing he had ever heard of and it only made sense that it would be something Jimin would do. The omega continued, "I've known her for a few semesters now, and have been stopping in there ever since I was a freshman. We've gotten to know each other pretty well and I love to talk to her any time I go in there. She's so sweet."

Jimin didn't seem to notice Jungkook's fond expression as he was now looking at his lap again. The alpha reached out and gently ran his fingers through the hair at the nape of his neck before he spoke with a soft tone.

"You really are something else, you know that?"

That took the omega by surprise a little, and he angled his body more towards the larger man.

"Oh yeah?" His tone was playful, "How so?"

Jungkook ran his eyes over all of Jimin's features and found himself getting lost in them in their close proximity. He knew it was impossible to answer that question simply since there were so many things about the omega that made him the most special person he has ever met.

"You're just so..." Jungkook paused to think of his words, then removed his hand from his hair and brought it forward so he could run his thumb along his smooth cheekbone. The omega became a little shy at the touch, and ducked his head without breaking their eye contact. He looked at the alpha expectantly with big hazel eyes and it only made Jungkook's heart swell that much more, "Different. I just can't help but be fascinated by you."

The omega's lips parted slightly in surprise. He must not have been expecting those exact words. He reached up to hold his hand over Jungkook's larger one where it was now resting against the side of his neck, "You're fascinated...by me?"

Jungkook grinned, flashing his teeth in a genuine smile, "Of course I am. You say that I have admirers but...it's me who can't take my eyes off of you, Jimin-ah."

Jimin stilled for a bit just to look at him and absorb his words. The expression on his face changed in a matter of seconds.

Hearing that seemed to spark something in the omega's eyes, and Jungkook thought he could smell his delicious vanilla scent sweetening in the air around them. They stayed there for a few moments, the only sound in the room being the gentle hum of the printer, as they studied each other's features. The blond suddenly looked away and scanned the room carefully from top to bottom as if he was scoping it out for something that the alpha was unaware of. Jungkook became a little confused and was just about to ask what he was looking for before Jimin uncrossed his legs and spread them a little bit. When the omega looked back at him, there was clearly hunger in his eyes.

Jungkook was slightly taken aback at the newfound intensity that had replaced his shyness, and before he could say anything Jimin reached one of his smaller hands up to grip at his tie and pull it forward. Jungkook let him lead his body closer until he was standing in between the omega's spread legs and their faces were only a few inches apart. The blond didn't loosen his grip on the tie as he spoke.

"There aren't any cameras in here."

His voice was nearly a whisper and their noses were almost brushing against one another.

The alpha's heart-rate increased at the sudden change of the atmosphere in the room, and he quickly adapted to Jimin's hungry gaze with a serious expression of his own. Their chests were almost pressed together and the blond's thighs were spread wide, allowing Jungkook to come even closer if he wanted to. He took a second to look down at the beautiful omega in front of him and saw how his shirt had fallen off of his shoulder again to reveal his entire neck to him. He almost lost it at the sight and wanted desperately to lean forward and start sucking and biting at the flesh until he was completely marked up by him. Jungkook scanned the rest of his petite frame and took in how his thin shirt and tight jeans clung to his body, showing off the curves of his waist and hips. He shook his head a little bit in disbelief, there was no way Jimin was actually real and sitting right in front of him at that very moment.

The alpha was suddenly very aware of how thick and cloying his scent had become and he could tell that the omega was starting to become aroused. His own body responded immediately, and soon both of their breathing became heavier as they scanned each other's bodies with slightly hooded eyes. Jungkook lifted his head and focused his attention back on the beautiful features of his omega's face.

He reached a hand up and supported Jimin's chin with a finger and his thumb, then brushed the pad of his thumb across his bottom lip with a little bit of pressure. The omega finally loosened his grip on his tie and rested his small hands on top of Jungkook's broad shoulders before bringing his arms up to wrap around his neck. The alpha moved slightly closer so their lips were almost brushing.

"What am I getting myself into with you, hm?"

He ran his hand back to hold his neck and when his fingers brushed against his scent gland the omega let out a small sound of pleasure. Jimin looked into his eyes with blown pupils before his lips slowly formed into a mischievous grin.

"Oh...I think you already know."

The omega held the back of his head and connected their lips in a firm kiss which was immediately reciprocated. Jungkook sighed into it and brought his hands down to rest against the boy's small waist to lightly stroke it as their lips started to move against each other, a little hesitant to fully touch him in fear that he would get a response that was anything like the last time. Jimin seemed to notice his reluctance almost immediately and pulled away just barely so their lips were still brushing.

"Touch me, please."

He connected their lips again and Jungkook didn't hesitate before he tightened his hold on his hips. He was pleased when he heard a small moan coming from the omega at the contact and immediately started kissing him back with as much fervor as he was receiving. Jimin's arms tightened around his neck and he parted his lips slightly when the alpha ran his tongue along the seam. Jungkook didn't waste any time before he opened his mouth against his, and as soon as their tongues slid against each other's the alpha felt like he was slipping into a trance at how heavenly it felt. Jimin's mouth was soft and warm and tasted like vanilla and something else that he could only describe as just perfectly him, and Jungkook never wanted to stop tasting it for as long as he was alive. Nothing else and nobody else would ever come close to this, not anymore.

As their tongues explored each other's mouths and their movements became hotter and faster, Jungkook slid his hands down the omega's hips to grab his thighs and squeeze them. Jimin responded instantly by moaning into the kiss and the alpha couldn't help but return one of his own when the boy's legs came closer together to squeeze the larger man's hips. Jungkook tightened his grip and pulled his smaller body against his own, and the omega arched his back a little bit so their chests were pressed together. The alpha was already half-hard at this point, and when he felt his clothed cock press against Jimin's own, the blond whimpered and his hips stuttered forward a little bit.

Jungkook was now rubbing firmly up and down the omega's strong thighs as he sucked gently on his bottom lip before letting their tongues meet again. He was completely lost in the boy's small noises and the soft yet firm body under his hands when he smelled a shift in the air around him. It was Jimin's enticing vanilla scent, but it was thick and cloying and just the most delicious thing the alpha had ever smelled in his life and it hit him like a brick when he realized what it was--Jimin was leaking slick.

At the thought, Jungkook let out a low growl and pulled the smaller boy even closer to him, then brought his hands up to hook under the omega's thighs right under his ass. Jimin let out a louder moan at the sound and gently started to rock their hips together. One of his small hands came down to start loosening the knot of his tie again before his nimble fingers popped open the top button of his shirt, and the alpha didn't even think for a second to stop him. Jungkook broke away from their kiss and Jimin's quiet whine of protest turned into a breathy gasp as the alpha connected his lips to his jawline. He placed hot kisses across it until he reached the juncture of his neck and then brought his face down to lay an open-mouthed kiss against the milky skin. With his nose this close to the omega's scent gland he thought he was going to go absolutely nuts now that his heavenly scent was more potent than ever. Jungkook resisted the urge to nose at the gland to scent him because he wasn't sure if that was something Jimin wanted, so he just alternated scraping his teeth gently over the soft skin and kissing along the column to his shoulder. Jimin's arm around his neck tightened as the one between them reached down to start unbuttoning more of his shirt.

In the heat of the moment, Jungkook attached his lips underneath the omega's jaw and sucked gently. It wasn't hard enough to leave a mark without Jimin's approval, but it was enough to draw a breathy moan from the smaller boy's throat.

"Ah..Jungkook--"

The alpha ran his tongue over where he had been sucking on the sensitive spot under his jaw then moved back up to lay another kiss to his lips before he stilled. Jimin's hands stopped moving from where he had successfully undone the top few buttons of his shirt and met the larger man's now-darkened eyes when he pulled a few inches away. A look of confusion spread across his features at the sudden absence of the alpha's lips on his skin. However, Jungkook still held his tight grip on his upper thighs, and he glanced from the omega's kiss swollen lips up to his wide, glassy eyes.



"Say that again."



Jimin's brows furrowed a little bit and his hands fisted the fabric in the alpha's shirt.

"Hm?"

Jungkook brought one of his hands up to hold the side of the omega's face, "Please, say that again?"



"Ah Jungkook?"



A huge smile spread across the alpha's face at the sound and he just took a second to appreciate how it rolled off of Jimin's tongue. A look of realization came over the smaller boy's features once he realized what he said. Jungkook let out a breathy, elated laugh.

"That's the first time you've called me by my name."

Jimin looked as though he was slowly coming back to his senses as he smiled shyly and ducked his head to avoid the alpha's gaze. He ran his fingers over the dip of Jungkook's now-exposed clavicle.

"Is that...is that okay? That I called you that?" Jimin looked a little unsure.

The grin on Jungkook's face didn't falter for a second, "Of course it is," he looked down between them and saw their current state and positioning and thought it was cute that the boy was still asking him that question despite it, "I've been waiting to hear you say it."

And he had, ever since he told Jimin he could call him by his name during their first meeting. He waited patiently for the omega to become comfortable enough to use it, and always wondered when he would. He didn't want to force him to because he wanted things between them to come naturally as they had been, but he had dreamed about how it would sound just by itself, without 'professor' attached to it.

He found that he liked the sound of it coming from Jimin's lips more than anybody else saying it. It was music to his ears.



Jimin smiled up at him and brought his hands up to hold his face, "Jungkook."

They shared a soft look and soon the intensity from before was starting to dissipate. Jungkook figured it was probably for the best as they were, in fact, still on campus, and anybody could have easily walked by and heard them, or worse, opened the door to see them in their compromising position. While he would have loved to kiss and hold the omega in his arms for hours, he knew that this was definitely not the best place for it.

He reluctantly pulled his hands away and took a small step back so they weren't so close, then gently rubbed his hands up and down Jimin's sides. His small hands fell to rest on his shoulders.

"I suppose we should stop."

"Yeah..." Jimin nodded and Jungkook thought he almost looked a little bashful.

The alpha took the moment of peaceful silence to admire his reddened lips and slightly wrinkled clothing, then ended up pulling away completely to rest against the counter by his side once again. They both just sat there trying to even their breathing and calm down from their aroused state with stupid smiles on their faces for a few minutes, and soon Jungkook was being pulled back to reality when the machine in front of him beeped to signify that the hundred or so copies had finished printing.

He started to slowly button his own shirt back up as he walked forward to place a new sheet in the scanner to start the process all over again, then collected the large stack of warm papers and placed them off to the side. When he turned around to face the omega he tightened his tie back to its original position and stayed by the printer so they were facing each other.



The omega smiled at him and they ended up falling into small conversations about random things as they waited for the rest of the sheets to print. Every once in awhile Jungkook would turn around to replace the assignment that needed to be copied with a new one, and after about a half an hour of sharing stories and laughs, they both gathered a few of the large stacks in their arms and Jungkook led them out of the door and back to his office.

The students that had been littering the halls were now gone, and they were able to continue their conversation as they made their way. Once they reached the alpha's office again, they set the piles aside on the desk and turned toward one another. Jungkook finished laughing off one of Jimin's witty remarks about one of his dance practice stories before he spoke.

"I can organize these and put them away tomorrow. It's getting late again and I don't want you to miss dinner because of me."

It was almost 8 PM, and time had flown by surprisingly fast like it always did when he was with Jimin. Despite them having spent hours together multiple days a week, it never felt like it was enough. He tried to savor his company while he had it, but it only got harder and harder to see him leave every time. The small chunks of his days where he got to see the omega were the brightest parts of them, and when he was alone he found himself craving the feeling.

Jimin let out a sigh then grabbed his bag, "Yeah, and if Taehyung is home I'm sure he's been waiting for me to get back before he eats anyways. He's probably wondering where I am," he pulled his phone out of the pocket of his bag to check it. He paused a little and it looked like he remembered something as he put it away.

"Ah...speaking of Taehyung..." The omega offered him a sheepish look and Jungkook thought back to the look his friend had given him that day in class. He had been meaning to bring it up but ended up getting too distracted. He figured now was a perfect time since Jimin was mentioning him anyways, but first he waited patiently for the omega to finish, "He's uh...kind of been asking where I've been and whatnot, and I haven't told him about this...about us yet but I know he's probably starting to get really suspicious because I haven't given him any real answers...so I was wondering if it was okay if I told him? If he asks again."

Jungkook relaxed at his words. Jimin hadn't said anything yet, which answered all of the questions he had regarding the topic. He thought about it for a few moments, but then figured that if he could trust Jimin thus far without fail, he had a feeling there wouldn't be any problems.

"If you trust him...and you know for a fact that he won't say anything," he paused and the omega nodded, "Then I don't see why not."

"I promise Taehyung would never say a word."

The alpha smiled and reached out to grab one of Jimin's smaller hands in his own.

"Okay."



They broke apart after sharing a look and Jungkook grabbed his own things and pulled Jimin's chair around so it was back in its spot. He took a small look around to make sure he wasn't forgetting anything before they exited and walked to Jimin's car after the alpha once again offered to. He knew the omega was more than capable of being alone, but it did worry him a little bit to know that he would be walking into a dark, empty parking lot by himself on a college campus at this time of night. It eased his worry immensely when Jimin allowed Jungkook to escort him there, knowing that he was safe.

The smaller boy walked over to his door to unlock it before turning to the alpha.

"Thank you."

He just shook his head, "It's my pleasure, no need to thank me."

Jimin grinned and placed his bag in the front seat before walking up to the alpha to press a kiss to his cheek.

Before Jimin pulled too far away, Jungkook added, "And yes, to answer your question from earlier, today was just an excuse to see you."

His hazel eyes met Jungkook's brown ones before he grinned and laughed a little bit. He reached out and grabbed the alpha's hands in his own, "Hm...well you definitely don't need an excuse for that anymore."

The alpha smiled fondly. He was probably going to use that knowledge a little bit too much to his advantage, "Noted," he squeezed his smaller hands, "Goodnight Jimin-ah."

"Goodnight Profes--" Jimin stopped himself then smirked and let go of their hands, "Goodnight Jungkook."



The alpha waited for him to get into his car and lock it before they shared one last look and he turned to walk in the direction of his own. As he retreated he figured it was probably a good idea to start parking a little closer if he was going to make this a habit, but for the time being he didn't mind the distance in the slightest as long as Jimin was safe.

As he heard the car drive off behind him, Jungkook couldn't help the smug smile that formed on his face as he adjusted his tie and pushed the doors back open to walk into the building.



...



When Jimin got home, he quietly placed his key into the lock on the outside of his apartment door so as to not disturb the neighbors by being too loud, then slowly pushed it open and stepped inside. From the entrance, he could see that the kitchen light was on and that the taller boy's jacket was already hanging up so he knew that Taehyung was either at home making food or already sleeping. He listened carefully but heard nothing so he shucked off his bag and set it down before kicking off his shoes and taking a few steps into the apartment so he could find his friend.

When he rounded the corner into the kitchen, he stopped dead in his tracks at the sight that greeted him.

Taehyung was there, leaning against the kitchen counter with a drink in his hand and his arms crossed, and his eyebrows raised when he saw the blond. It was quiet for a few seconds before Jimin broke the silence.

"Hey." He was slightly nervous now, confused as to why his best friend was side-eyeing him instead of greeting him enthusiastically like he usually did.

"Remember when you said we don't keep things from one another, especially if it's about a guy?"

The brunette placed his drink on the counter and turned so he was facing Jimin. He had an expectant look on his face. The smaller omega took a few hesitant steps over to the counter so he could be closer to his friend.

"Yeah?"

Taehyung unfolded his arms when he saw the blond's nervous stance and his face softened a little bit, "So...what aren't you telling me, Min?"

Jimin let out a breath and braced himself on the counter as he looked down at his feet. He knew that question was going to come, but he didn't think it would be so soon so he hadn't had any time to prepare how he was going to explain this to him. While Taehyung was the one to push Jimin along regarding the alpha in the first place, he wasn't actually all that sure if he meant it, but he was about to find out.

"Well..." he trailed off as he looked into the younger's eyes, "Okay. I'll tell you."

Taehyung's face finally broke from its serious expression and smiled suggestively at the smaller boy, "I knew it. So you are seeing someone?"

Jimin let out a nervous laugh at the sudden change. He knew the omega wasn't really mad at him in the first place, but he could definitely be a little intimidating at times without really even trying.

"Yes, I am. And before you get mad at me for not telling you sooner, I promise that there was a reason," he paused and waited for Taehyung's reaction, but he didn't seem to be upset in the slightest. Jimin sighed at that, he loved how understanding his best friend was at times like these, "But...Jungkook and I..."

Taehyung interrupted him, "Wait--who's Jungkook?"

Jimin looked up at his confused expression and realized that he probably didn't remember his name since he was asking.

"Our professor." He answered simply.

Taehyung's face only screwed up more at the knowledge as if he still had no idea what Jimin was talking about. The blond met his confused look with one of his own because he wasn't sure exactly what was going through his mind. Suddenly, Jimin watched as the realization hit him and his mouth dropped open in shock. He bounded forward off of the counter and came to sniff around the smaller boy's neck and shirt collar, then he leaned back and pinched Jimin's side.

"Aish! What the hell was that for?"

Taehyung was absolutely stunned, "When you said you were seeing someone I didn't think you actually meant him! I mean, yeah I could tell you guys kind of had a thing for each other and I had my suspicions but--oh my god--I didn't think you were going to actually do it. I can't believe you're actually screwing him--what happened to you waiting until we graduated or something? What if you get caught?"

"Taehyungie, please calm down--let me explain."

The brunette paused his train of thoughts and closed his mouth, but his eyes were still wide in shock. Jimin continued.

"Yes, I know I said I was going to wait but, you see..." he had no idea how to explain it, but he was going to try, "I don't think I could have really stayed away from him no matter how hard I tried. I don't know, I just--there's something about him... Like, he's just so kind and he really is such a good guy, and he makes me feel really nice whenever I'm around him even if we are just sitting there not saying a word. Maybe this sounds stupid but...it just feels so right. I don't know how else to describe it."

Taehyung just absorbed all of what he was saying before he nodded. It looked like he was slowly coming to terms with it.

Jimin added, "And we already talked about all of this and agreed that we were going to be careful...but you have to promise me you won't say a single word to anyone about it until we know how to really go about this. That's including Jin-hyung."

Taehyung just looked at him with skepticism for a second.

"Okay Jiminie...if you're really sure this is a good idea."

The omega wrapped his arms around his friend in a tight hug and squeezed. He took a moment to inhale his calming caramel scent before whispering, "He makes me really happy, Taehyungie."

When they separated, Taehyung was now much calmer and only ended up melting at those words. He finally gave in, "Well then I guess that's all that matters, isn't it?"

Jimin nodded. He was more than relieved to have his best friend's approval.

"I'm just surprised you actually went for it... but I'm also glad you finally told me. I was pretty sure I was going to die from the suspense," he said casually as he turned and opened the fridge. The blond chuckled at how dramatic he sounded before he started walking around the counter and into the hallway. Taehyung stopped him before he could get too far, "And don't think I don't want to hear all about it, 'cause I do--but I'm starving so I want to eat first."

The omega felt the familiar pang of hunger in his stomach at the mention of food, "Me too. Let me change and then I'll make us some noodles."



Jimin walked into his room and let out a long sigh as he started to take off his clothing. He pushed his tight pants off of his legs and threw them in his laundry basket before digging through his dresser to find a small pair of shorts and an oversized t-shirt. Once he slid the shorts on, and his long-sleeve off, he hesitated before throwing it. He brought it up to his nose and was elated to find that it still smelled heavily of the alpha, so once he saw that it was still pretty clean he shuffled over to his bed and placed it in his nest near his pillow.

When he backed up to look at it, a content smile washed over his face.



Jungkook.



Jimin grabbed the oversized shirt and threw it over his head before fixing his hair a little bit and walking out of his room to start making some food for the two of them.

Now that Taehyung knew about things with him and the alpha, he was more than excited to tell him all about it.